 Insolvency Intermediate or Senior Level Job, CBD Location, CA Firm Your new company Fantastic CA Practice, located in the centre of the CBD is seeking an intermediate/senior level insolvency accountant to join their dynamic and energetic environment. Your new role You will be working on a range of cases and files for the firm, working alongside other intermediates, seniors and managers. Your duties may include planning and control of fieldwork on smaller jobs with the direction of your supervisor, as well as liaising with the legal advisers, creditors, ASIC and other high profile third parties. What you'll need to succeed A small amount of experience within the insolvency industry will be necessary for this role. It would be beneficial to have some exposure to this field or at least in the public practice space. Candidates with strong experience in other Insolvency practices or mid-tier accounting firms will receive immediate attention. Interest in the CA or CPA is also something that will heighten your application. What you'll get in return Competitive salary, exposure to an innovative environment, with great work spaces and social events! If this is what you are looking for in your next insolvency role then get in touch today. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Tara O'Regan (02) 8062 6157 or email tara.oregan@hays.com.au. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career 
 Sydney CBD office Great Opportunity for career progression and growth Join a dynamic team The IT Asset & Contracts Manager is an integral role in the management and maintaining of the organisations IT assets and vendor relationships.  This role works closely with the Technology and Operations staff to promote a set of business practices that unite financial, contractual and inventory functions to support the life cycle management for the IT environment. Skills & Experience required: 5+ years' experience in an Asset Management, procurement, contract and/or account management position Must be able to develop and maintain an Asset Management Plan aligned to the Corporate Strategy Understanding of financial impacts and risk mitigation in Asset Planning Experience managing procurement resources (offshore) Demonstrated experience of ITIL based Hardware Asset Management standards and best practice Demonstrated experience of the IT Software Asset Management lifecycle Experience working with inventory, financial and service delivery systems Conducting customer facing meetings, delivering presentations to all levels of management Relevant experience in the design, build and implementation of asset management strategies Previous experience driving cost accountability ITIL certification Responsibilities include but not limited to: Manage and maintain inventory of company software, systems and hardware assets via an Asset Management CMDB solution Process the installations, moves, adds and changes data as supplied via the customer/service desk/support and project teams Maintain vendor details in asset register for in-scope assets Maintain Asset Management plans according to agreed criteria Define and maintain the customer escalation matrix as it relates to Asset Management Access customer asset discovery data to perform asset reconciliation and remediation Participating in and driving audit requirements Provide monthly reporting on asset metrics including compliance reporting Vendor engagement and procurement function, working with vendors to ensure optimal outcomes and relationships Manage the end to end IT Procurement process including offshore Procurement staff Develop and monitor service level agreements with vendors that support the delivery of business outcomes Implement and continually improve monitoring and reporting of vendor usage and performance Manage the interaction between vendors and internal technology and program delivery leaders Ensure cost control through finance and invoicing management Creating and maintaining strong relationships with internal clients and the management team by displaying our values and behaviours Clarifying and managing key stakeholder expectations and allocating resources to ensure the delivery of effective outcomes About us: At EML, we're passionate about helping people get their lives back after a workplace injury. We have over 1,500 personal injury specialists Australia wide, focused on achieving industry leading return-to-work outcomes and improving work health and safety for the benefit of workers, employers and the broader community. What we can offer you: We are committed to supporting our hard working people by investing in their professional development, long term career opportunities and providing generous employee benefits. These include “ but are not limited to - extensive L&D support for career growth, great work/life balance, social events and lunchtime sports. Other benefits, such as 17.5% annual leave loading and career breaks, are why we are regarded as one of the best employers within the Industry. For over 100 years, the people of NSW have put their trust in EML for their workers compensation. Come and be a part of it! How to apply: If you meet the above criteria and would be interested in joining our team, please apply below with your updated CV and cover letter.  Please note that only candidates with Australian/NZ rights will be considered. No agencies please.   
 The Company We are currently working with a Global FMCG organisation on an exciting 6 month position in their Credit Control team. This company is highly respected and boasts a very inclusive, supportive work environment. Due to their continuing success they are increasing their headcount and are keen to get someone on board immediately. They are easily accessible via public transport and are located in modern, open planned North Ryde offices. The Role Reporting directly into an approachable team leader you will perform duties that include: Managing a ledger of accounts in full function role, Monitoring credit limits, Collection calls on overdue accounts and negotiating payment plans, Daily banking and cash allocations, Managing incoming claims and blocked orders. Your Profile As the successful candidate you will have the following attributes: Proven success with negotiating payment plans and collecting funds, Experience with SAP is highly preferred, Excellent communication skills and a team player, Ability to work well with tight deadlines and KPI driven. Apply Today Please send your resume by clicking on the apply button. Your application will be assessed within 3 working days. Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. Learn more about our Sydney recruitment services: https://www.roberthalf.com.au/sydney 
 This progressive business is seeking a skilled & accurate finance officer to support the transactional team. Your new company This vibrant organisation is unique in the services they offer and proactively place a great emphasis on their internal people and culture, service to their stakeholders and strive for excellence in all aspects of their operations. Your new role Supporting the transactional team you will be responsible for processing accounts payable and accounts receivable, payroll processing, general ledger reconciliations and assist with queries from internal and external stakeholders. What you'll need to succeed Exceptional communication skills and attention to detail is essential, along with a strong work ethic, the ability to work cohesively with your team and ideally advanced Excel skills. Prior experience in a finance officer or accounts payable role would be an ideal fit. What you'll get in return A fantastic opportunity is on offer with the potential for long term career progression, the opportunity to work with a close knit team and an excellent north side location. This business prides itself on taking care of their staff and continually implements staff incentives and benefits. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position in accounting support, please contact Bonnie Mangila for a confidential discussion on your career on 07 32594900. 
 The Country Fire Authority (CFA) is one of the world's largest, and most highly regarded community based emergency services organisations. We respond to fire and other emergencies 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Whilst our firefighters are the cornerstone of CFA services, what goes on behind the scenes is just as important in helping to protect lives and property. Reporting to the Manager Shared Services, the Business Support Officer Accounts Receivable is responsible for the accounts receivable function for corporate headquarters. This position will perform the Account Receivable functions and ensure adequate and accurate transaction processes are in accordance with CFA policy and procedures. The successful applicant will have: Demonstrated accounts receivable experience in a similar environment Proven ability to accurately complete data entry processing in a timely, efficient and professional manner Strong organisational skills including the ability to undertake accounts receivable investigations and reconciliations Excellent communication, interpersonal, liaison and written skills with all levels of staff Proactive approach to tasks with ability to self-direct as required by the task set and work with minimal supervision and direction Ability to work with and contribute positively as a team member Computer literacy using windows based software including experience in SAP Finance System and Excel Your Application When applying for a position with CFA, the key to progressing in the selection process is the quality of your application. Your application must demonstrate that you have the qualifications, experience, key attributes and skills required for the position. Applicants must address the selection criteria outlined in the attached position description. Your application should include: Cover letter Responses to the Key Selection Criteria as outlined in the Position Description Resume Submitting your Application When you click the 'apply' button you will be taken to the online application form. Here you will be asked to provide personal and contact details and respond to employment-related questions.   The successful applicant will be required to complete a National Police History Check.   CFA supports flexible working arrangements and is committed to being an inclusive, fair and child safe organisation for all staff, volunteers and the community. 
It's all about you...   A fantastic opportunity is now available for an experienced Debt Recovery Clerk/Collections Officer to join this leading mid tier law firms Debt Recovery team.    In this role you will be reporting directly to the Recoveries & Development Manager and you will be responsible for: monitoring and collecting outstanding payments from debtors in order to successfully discharge debt to clients Preparing Letters of Demand Issuing Magistrates Court complaints for recovery providing clients with matter updates and advising on options available for recovery of monies Skills and experience we'd love...   Previous experience as a Debt Recovery Clerk/Collections Officer or in a similar role, ideally within a legal office environment  Excellent telephone manner and administration follow-up skills A proven record of high level customer service and debt recovery procedures High attention to detail and accurate recording of follow-up The ability to liaise at all levels, both internally and externally Working knowledge of the relevant sections of the Privacy Act, together with an understanding of Magistrate Court rules Let's talk! Secure this role now and start in the New Year!    Legal People thanks all applicants in advance for their interest in this role; however, only those required for interview will be contacted further.   To apply online, please click on the apply now button. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion please contact:   Rosie Mamic on 9098 8775 or Laine McKenzie on 9098 8774 Level 40, 140 William Street, Melbourne Vic 3000 Quoting Ref. No.: 2704963x    Check out Legal People's FREE salary comparison website: www.legalsalary.com.au 
 Surry Hills location - 2 minutes from Central Station! Fun and supportive environment with a strong company culture Newly created role   A little about us At Rehab Management, people are at the centre of our business. We help them achieve their best outcomes through innovation, dedication and best practice. With a focus on people, a unique tailored approach, reputable service and quality outcomes to assist those with a disability, injury or health condition, we continue to grow and succeed in helping people to live their best lives.   Your new role Reporting to the Chief Operating Officer,  this new role is responsible for partnering with key senior stakeholders and providing a range of accounting and reporting services as well as leading a variety of change projects across the organisation. You are a results driven leader and have the confidence, presence and demonstrated skills to lead the finance team through continuous mentoring, learning and development. In addition, you will be hands-on and possess excellent knowledge of compliance reporting and budget preparation.    What you'll be responsible for: Manage and continually improve all financial functions within the business and ensure compliance with all statutory reporting requirements. Provide high quality management information including; short & long term budgets; cash flow forecasts and relevant management reports. Work with external banking, financial and auditing representatives, as required, to meet internal objectives or statutory requirements Support and provide financial insights to the Executive  team relating to profit analysis, identify costs savings, process efficiency and cash management Leading an accounting and transactional finance team Overseeing business payroll functions Establishment and ongoing management of all financial policies and procedures Management and oversight of the external audit process Preparation/review of annual budgets and ongoing forecasts Provide financial support and input for bid/tender opportunities Oversee weekly cash forecast and cash management Act as a business partner with operations in relations to productivity, cash positions and ensuring the business is operating at an efficient manner Take lead on possible process improvements within the business Manage relevant statutory reporting and compliance matters as a team.   What you bring: High level of technical accounting ability and extensive experience required with accuracy and reliability being essential CA or CPA qualification Experience in preparing financial statements and cash flow reports will be highly valued. Sound proficiency with ERP systems, ideally with experience/interest in system implementation and process improvements. Well-developed communication skills to deal with all staff levels, including managing an established finance team Proven leadership skills to keep the financial team responsive, motivated & accountable Experience in business planning, review, financial analysis and reporting   What we offer Professional development/ongoing learning opportunities Dynamic, energetic, progressive work environment Diverse & inclusive culture Flexible work environment Exceptional staff retention and staff tenures of up to 10 years Annual recognition programs Community service leave   To apply please click below or email your resume to vacancies@rehabmanagement.com.au. For a confidential discussion or further information please contact our Talent Acquisition Specialist Tami on 0447 608 789.   Rehab Management is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity 
 A true business partner role which will see you lead and influence the financial performance of a business unit. Client Details A leading national firm who has recently won lucrative contracts continues to be a leader in its field. Partnering with some of the major players in various sectors continues to support the development and internal growth of its people. Description This is a rare opportunity to play a pivotal role in contributing to the continued success and growth of our client's innovative and vibrant customer focused company. Some of the core duties will include; Partner with the General Manager and the business unit leadership team to provide commercial and finance governance insight and analysis for all people, market and asset activities Manage all financial reporting requirements of the business unit Provide advice, training and support to the management team to improve the financial capability of the Business Unit Provide analytics and insights to enable identification and management of key market and operational trends Optimise and continuously improve quality of earnings by analysing, understanding and influencing drivers of P&L performance and return on invested capital Profile CA or CPA qualified Strong knowledge of business reporting and analytic practices Excellent communication skills to lead and influence stakeholders Job Offer Excellent opportunity to join an ASX listed business Strong growth potential Broad role with a large scope to influence business unit performance To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Rebecca Clarke on +61 8 6430 6421 
 About the business The Aboriginal Investment Group ("AIG") is dedicated to the improvement and regeneration of remote Aboriginal communities and the creation of sustainable employment opportunities for Aboriginal people. Acting as an umbrella group, AIG houses a broad portfolio of businesses and organisations and works with Government agencies, suppliers and consultants to identify innovative and cost effective solutions for economic and property development projects to address the socio and economic disadvantages that effect remote Aboriginal communities across Northern Australia. About the role Due to our growth we have created a new role for someone to look after the daily and monthly finances for the organisation. We are looking for 20 hours of your time per week, this may increase depending on workload and proven skills. The successful candidate will be reporting to the CEO and Assistant Accountant/Office Manager. Roles and Responsibilities Accounts payable  Accounts receivable - including allocation of payments and receipting  Bank reconciliation Payroll and super Month end reconciliations and reporting Assist with daily cash flow and forecasts  Ad-hoc support to our Accountants with statutory reporting (BAS, IAS, Super and Payroll Tax Skills and experience The ideal candidate will possess the following: 3 years + working  experience with an accounting/ bookkeeping focus and BAS reporting experience. High level of accuracy and attention to detail Organised Proficient with MYOB and Xero Ability to pick-up new software and systems easily. Good computer skills  and skills across Microsoft Office products Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to work autonomously and within a team. The ability to relate to people in a friendly and professional manner. Positive "can do" attitude. 
 This is an unparalleled opportunity to gain experience in the not for profit sector whilst honing your management accounting and analysis skills. With a strong culture of respect, learning and teamwork, this large complex organisation is at the forefront of providing much needed health care and support to the broader community. Working closely with the Financial Controller this role will focus on the following responsibilities: Monthly reporting and corresponding analysis and commentary; Productivity reporting across various product lines; Involvement in the budgeting and forecasting process; Financial modelling and analysis; and Building relationships across the wider business. Essentially, this role will provide commercial support to the business and their broader operations, so you will ideally have strong commercial acumen and a keen interest in supporting the decision-making process. You will enjoy working closely with the various GMs whilst supporting finance and you will have the confidence to liaise with a wide range of stakeholders including the executive. The ideal candidate will have a strong work ethic, be versatile in approach and possess a problem-solving nature in addition to having experience working in a similar NFP or commercial environment. It is essential that you have an accounting or commercial degree and be qualified or working towards your CA or CPA. If you enjoy a rewarding, interactive and engaging role with a good work / life balance this role will definitely appeal. For more information please call Jane Cullen at u&u on 07 3232 9109, quoting reference number 11327. Alternatively, to submit an application, please click below. Please submit your resume in Word format only. 
 Join our values driven business Business partnering role for a key division within the Ruralco Group Macquarie Park Head Office I Talavera Road I Short walk from Station Ruralco Holdings Limited is ASX listed and Australia's fastest growing agribusiness. With a national footprint of 48 brands and businesses specialising in providing rural customers with products and services in merchandise, fertiliser, wool, livestock, real estate, water, grain, finance and insurance; ours is a diverse and exciting business. With a national footprint and 2500 employees, we aim to provide exceptional service to our clients and promote innovation in farming to help Australia's primary producers achieve the business goals. We are currently offering an exciting opportunity at our Head Office in Sydney for a Commercial Manager to join our team. About the role: The purpose of this key strategic role is to work with the General Manager Network Finance and Divisional General Manager to provide business units with financial and commercial information to drive informed management decisions and optimise business performance. You will provide leadership to a small team, ensure EOM processes are completed to high standard, the P&L and Balance Sheet are reliable and monthly reports are of a high standard. Positioning yourself as a true business partner, you will build relationships and business understanding enabling you to enhance the commercial and financial performance of the division. This is a high profile role requiring you to deliver monthly financial reporting, add value through commercial insight and analysis, lead process improvements, drive the budgeting process and regularly engage with the Divisional Leadership team on a range of commercial issues. About You: To be successful you demonstrate previous experience in a senior commercial finance role and the ability to engage with business leaders and educate stakeholders on the financial impact of their activities. You will be CPA or CA qualified with at least 10 years' experience in a similar role for a large ASX listed organisation (ideally FMCG, retail, agribusiness) and have sound systems experience (ideally SAP). You must have solid commercial experience, superior analytical and problem solving skills and be comfortable with detail but also capable of high level and strategic analysis and presentation. Change is a constant in the business and you must be capable of delivering in an environment where you will regularly have competing priorities. You are capable of managing the expectations of stakeholders to achieve the best outcomes for the business. The role will require regular interstate travel with trips averaging two to three days. Ruralco including its subsidiaries is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. At Ruralco we believe that creating a diverse workforce will provide the best talent to achieve our strategy of being the leading Australian Agribusiness and Employer of Choice in our sector. We value integrity, accountability, loyalty, leadership, common sense and aiming high in all that we do. Interested? To join this diverse business offering the opportunity to develop and progress your career alongside like-minded people in a supportive environment, just click on the APPLY button below. To find out more about the Ruralco Group go to www.ruralco.com.au Our Purpose: We're here for Australian Farmers. 
 The Firm This firm has been in business for over 30 years. Specialising in the provision of quality accounting, taxation, business and financial services. Client size range from $200 MiI turnover to SME businesses and private tax returns. The entire range of challenges are at hand to assist your professional development. Accountants at the firm work closely with their clients in order to obtain an in depth understanding of their business and objectives.  Staff are enrolled in a structured  continuous training and professional development program in order to maintain an up to date knowledge of tax legislation and other areas impacting clients business operations.  The firm has 4 partners, one of which will be the direct report for this role and 28 Accounting staff. The role and the person we need You are an enthusiastic heavy intermediate or light senior mid flight in your career and really enthusiastic about the profession looking to work with others similarly passionate. Already in a broad client facing role you will take over an existing file of diverse clients, while gaining the opportunity to broaden your own professional skill set by working with a talented partner keen to promegate your career and expand your knowledge. The role pays well over the benchmark for this level of Accountant and promises solid career prospects. You have excellent spoken and written English skills, at least 5 years prior Public practice experience, have gained or nearly completed your CPA or CA accreditation, solid client facing experience. This is one of those rare career opportunities that should you be thinking about a move, should have you enquire today. To apply please press the apply button on this page  to send through your resume to rob@¦show email . Applications treated in the strictest of confidence.   
 Duties In this role, you will Liaise with the Financial Controller to complete all Bookkeeping requirements for specific projects Need to be an absolute expert at Xero software & all facets of Bookkeeping Liaise with external lawyers, agents, clients General accounts administration support including phone calls, scanning, filing etc   This is a part time role working 3 days a week with the potential to becoming full time.   Skills & Experience To be successful in this role, you must have Proven experience working with Xero software and Bookkeeping Advanced Google Apps experience including gmail, google drive, sheets & docs Experience with Slack, Zoom, Infusionsoft software packages an advantage Advanced organisational and prioritisation skills Excellent verbal and written communication abilities High attention to detail Fast & accurate typing skills Ability to work unsupervised and as a team member 
 The Company Reputable Government Department based in the CBD initially then moving to Parramatta soon after commencement requires an experienced Analyst to join the Audit team for a 6 month temporary role. The Role This role will be responsible for undertaking pre audit research work into areas such as board membership, property ownership, AFS, constitutions etc and then analyse the resulting audit reports provided by external auditors. You will also be involved in analysing financial records and reporting on transactions which aren't in accordance with the relevant policies and investigating any potentially non-compliant payments/transactions. The Candidate The ideal candidate for this role will have demonstrated experience working with Forensic Accounting as well as strong analytical skills. Other requirements are; A level of financial understanding to be able to interrupt AFS, balance sheets, lease arrangements etc. Analysis of a wide range of data including financials, agreed procedure and forensic audits, enrolments, websites , property, board membership, related party searches and interpreting results. Identify gaps in information and pursue alternatives to gain information. Clearly identify and present non compliant actions. Very high level oral and written communication skills to present financial and non compliance information to a committee To apply online please click on the appropriate link below and send your resume in WORD format. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion please contact Jennifer Hawea 02 9891 7400. (SK926047A) Please visit www.veritasrecruitment.com.au to view more jobs. 
 Finance Officer Gladstone Area Group Apprentices Limited (GAGAL) is currently recruiting for a full time Finance Officer who will become part of the Finance team and be able to provide support across Payroll, Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable.  Reporting to the Finance Manager, you will be experienced in the following areas: Minimum of 2 years' experience working end to end in a payroll environment Ability to interpret Modern Awards and Enterprise Agreements Accurate and expedient data processing skills Proficiency using accounting software and ERP systems Assisting with End of Month High understanding of finance concepts including full functions for Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable Results-oriented with the ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously to meet deadlines High working knowledge of Microsoft suite of products including Excel, Word and Outlook Strong demonstrated communications skills to handle inquiries in an efficient and professional manner. Please forward your letter of application and resume to the HR Manager “ hr@gagal.com.au Applications will close:  4pm Monday 23rd April 2018 
 Great opportunity for an immediately available Payroll Officer to join an exciting start up business on a 6 month basis. This role requires a highly experienced, bright and friendly individual who can hit the ground running. Client Details Our client is a start up business who has experienced significant growth within the past 12 months. Our client has already established a strong reputation in the market and are keen to sustain their growth and continue to provide their excellent services to market. As a result, an exceptional opportunity has arisen for an immediately available Payroll Officer to join their dynamic and friendly team. Description As the Payroll Officer, you will be reporting into the Payroll Manager and your key responsibilities will include but not be limited to: Assisting with the monthly and fortnightly payroll Letter of offers, employment agreements and manage the new starter packs Manage personnel files and ensure accuracy of information Reporting Administration of new starters and terminations Reconciling of payroll month end accounts Manage payroll related queries Other ad hoc administrative tasks as required Profile To be considered successful as the Payroll Officer, you will have at least 3-5 years experience within a similar position. You will be immediately available, have an eye for detail, time management skills and be able to work smoothly in a team environment. Previous experience with a large ERP would be considered advantageous. Job Offer 6 month contract with the view to extension Vibrant new offices Team environment Immediate start Car parking available To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Shivani Kashyap on +61 3 8616 6237 
 Financial Accountant for global Logistics company in Laverton Your new company This renowned global Logistic Company has been operating for over 25 years have a fantastic position for a qualified Financial Accountant to join a growing professional organisation on a permanent full time basis. Your new role This is a varied and interesting position which will see you working closely with the Finance Manage to support the key business function. Specifically your responsibilities will include: Full function financial accounting including the preparation of financial statements Monthly review of balance sheet reconciliations Maintain fixed assets register Preparation of a weekly cash flow forecasts FBT, GST Payroll Tax Ad hoc work when needed to support the finance manger What you'll need to succeed In order to be a success in this role you will have the following skills/experience: CA/CPA qualified Previous experience within a Logistic and supply chain company OR Construction preferred Advanced knowledge of MS Excel Large ERP system knowledge Excellent communication skills both written and verbal What you'll get in return If you would like to apply for this role, please contact Adam Swinton on 5226 8000 for further information or email adam.swinton@hays.com.au. If this role isn't exactly what you are looking for but you are looking for other opportunities in Accountancy & Finance in the West, then please call me for a confidential conversation. 
The Firm  This firm is located in the town of Ballarat. Work in a close knit team where work is sociable and enjoyable with superb training and development opportunities. As this is a larger firm in the area you will have the benefit of working alongside specialists who can assist you in your continued professional development and help you reach your career goals. Their broad client base comprises of SMEs located across Victoria. The Role With the firm growing in size, you will be joining a successful team with big aspirations to continue their growth in the coming years. As a result of this firms rapid and continued growth this role could develop into a management opportunity in a couple of years. Coming in to an established team with a large client base, you will be tasked with both compliance and advisory work whilst having exposure to dealing directly with clients. Tasks will include:  Working with a diverse, varied client base  Working on multi-million dollar complex accounts  Management of client relationships through visits and regular meetings About You This is a suitable career move for someone with:  2+ years experience in Business Services in an Australian accounting firm  Completed CA or CPA study (or in the process of completing)  Excellent communication skills with a consultative approach to clients needs  Strong interpersonal skills  The ability to build and nurture relationships Benefits  Work on complex multi-million dollar accounts  Be part of a close knit friendly team working alongside the Partner  Emphasis on career progression with progression to management available  6 monthly salary review and performance incentives  Bi-monthly training   Fun and engaging working environment with group activities and social outings  Lower cost of living and cheap housing prices compared to Melbourne How to apply To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Sam Norris on 03 8640 5420 or email snorris@walkerandersen.com 
 The Company The accounts/administration officer plays a key role within the business.     The role encompasses general administration duties along with accounts work.    The role is to cover a maternity leave position for 3 - 6 months with the opportunity of going permanent.  The company is growing and is looking for a hands on dynamo to support the engineers with administration and accounts work.    The role Some of the duties include though not limited to: Answering of phones General upkeep of office  Ordering of office supplies Receive and record invoices for payment and arrange payment Prepare and send invoices to clients Prepare reports and correspondence for outstanding debts and conduct collection activities Prepare financial statements and debtor listings Undertake customer credit checks Reconcile accounts Co-ordinate month end processes and preparation of BAS Co-ordinate quarterly and year end processes to meet ATO obligations The Person You will have great attention to detail Strong knowledge of accounting systems Good communication skills Experience in Customer Service and Collections Flexible Organised Hands on to make sure things are done.  If you are looking for a challenging and varied role then send your resume with a cover letter to Annette Dixon   
 Project Manager Our client is one of the industry's leading provider of cloud-based administration software for SMSFs. They are a reputable Australian Company and have been nominated one of Australia's most innovative companies. They are looking for an experienced Project Manager, to work directly with the COO within the PMO department; handling several System Migration and Implementation Projects. You will be responsible for managing a couple of System Migration project- New Help desk System, Payroll System roll out and Budgeting software to name a few. In this position, you will have a good exposure to various projects- from product side all through implementation. Essential Skills and Experience: 5+ years' relevant experience Solid and demonstrable end to end project management experience PRINCE2 certification Experience working with developers in technical projects Prior experience in a product software environment will be highly regarded by not essential Flexible, has a collaborative approach, Strong communication, engagement and influencing skills Should you be interested in this role, please send your resume by clicking the "APPLY" button now. For more details on the role, please contact Meg Geronimo on 9408 4716 quoting job reference number: 183522 
 The ideal candidate will be able to manage and be accountable for the financial processes and systems in the company, and to provide timely and accurate financial management reports to the leadership team. They would also contribute to and be proactive in delivering solutions that promote and create positive experiences for multiple entities within this unique and forward thinking business. The role would suit a hands on financial accountant with prior management accounting exposure. Key Responsibilities: Preparation of accurate and timely monthly and year end financial accounts (Profit and Loss, Balance Sheet and Cash Flow Statements) Performance of all month end account reconciliations and month end processes Preparation of Cash Flow Forecasts. Preparation of the monthly Business Activity Statements Preparation of Fringe Benefits Tax and Income Tax Return input schedules Preparation of annual Payroll Tax and Work Cover Returns. Liaise with the external auditors to facilitate completion of the annual statutory audit of the Group. Liaise with the Finance Manager to provide required assistance in the preparation of the annual operating and capital budgets. Responsibility for the maintenance of the fixed asset registers Raising of fortnightly and monthly invoices Processing of company payroll on a weekly basis Key Requirements: Superior financial analysis skills and commercial business acumen Outstanding attention to detail and work ethic Ability to work, and communicate, with a wide range of people Ability to organise, prioritise and manage different tasks at the same time Exceptional interpersonal skills with friendly disposition Ability to remain calm under pressure with problem-solving skills, and deal with issues proactively, promptly and effectively CPA preferred Proven experience in similar role (minimum 3 years) The role would suit someone with up to a 1 week notice period, and will initially start as a Fixed Term Contract. To apply please click apply or call Matthew Stent on 03 8628 2109 for a confidential discussion. 
 Join an international FMCG brand at their Australian head office and lead the accounting function working closely with the local MD and the International Finance Director based abroad. This is a stand-alone, broad and hands-on accounting role looking after the full function of accounting, reporting and commercial activities of the Australian Subsidiary. Client Details An international, leading FMCG Brand. The business invests heavily within their brand and their new product development initiatives. Working with a local contract manufacturer the business has made great strides in taking on the Australian market and winning market share. With a lean and high performing head office, the business is filled with passionate people who are committed to the values of the business and the brand. Description Preparation of the monthly financial accounting & reporting requirements Submission of statutory compliance and tax returns Coordination with the international head office Partnering the local sales & marketing teams to provide commercial insights and analysis Working with the local leadership on the analysis of the monthly business performance as well as the budgeting, planning and forecasting activities. Profile Previous experience working in a hands on financial accounting and reporting role Excellent communication and presentation skills Ability to deliver commercial insights and recommendations to the business Provide strategic support to sales and marketing teams SAP skills will be highly advantageous Previous experience in the FMCG or related sectors is required Job Offer $130,000 plus Superannuation Northern Beaches location Leading international brand Dynamic and vibrant office culture Fast pace and challenging workload Broad and highly visible role 
 The Company BGIS, a Brookfield Company, is a leading provider of integrated real estate management services, facilities management, professional services, project delivery and workplace solutions. With a combined team of over 7,000+ people, we are focused on enabling innovation through the services we deliver, while actively engaging new opportunities that add more value to our clients' businesses.  Globally, BGIS manages approximately 30 million square metres of client portfolios across more than 30,000 locations in Australia, Asia, New Zealand, North America, Europe and the Middle East.    The Role The Assistant Accountant will be responsible for managing the financial process including month end, quarterly forecasts, FBT and ensuring that SOX Compliance is maintained at all times. This is the perfect opportunity to drive the finance process for a global organisation.   Duties Prepare reconciliation of bank accounts after RFFs have been processed, Balance sheet reconciliations Be responsible for month end close including processing accruals, prepayments and all associated journal entries Prepare and Reconcile BAS Review the P&L to ensure all revenue and expenses have been captured Assist with the preparation of the quarterly forecast Assist with Month-end closure and budgeting   Skills & Experience: You will be degree qualified and CPA/CA qualified or currently working towards Extensive experience within a similar role and industry Comprehensive with large ERP systems such as SAP or Oracle and proven ability within Excel Experience in processing journal entries, reconciliations, and driving the forecasting in your current role including experience with month end procedures. Drive to continue to grow and develop your career within a globally listed organisation   Benefits & Culture ˜Stepping Up' is an innovative and interactive talent development programme designed to help each member of the BGIS team contribute to continuous professional development.  Our benefits include flexible work options, an EAP program which provides free counselling services to employees and their families, Paid Parental Leave, Study assistance and much more. BGIS is committed to building a workplace culture that values diversity and inclusion. We actively promote and support the employment of people with disability, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders, LGBTI and other diversity or minority groups. 
About the company This prestigious, and above all, well-respected ASX listed company based in the heart of Brisbane's CBD has a newly created position for a Junior Accountant to join their group finance team.  This company has enjoyed stable growth and a consistent team.  Fast-paced with definite career path prospects, our client is a breeding ground for talented accountants. About the role Working within the group finance team, this is a business critical role to assist the Group Financial Accountant in all areas relating to the global reporting.  This is a varied role that will offer you exposure to all aspects of accounting including: Financial Accounting, Tax and Treasury. Your duties will include:-   Assist in the reporting, consolidation and analysis of financial results Support internal and external audit processes and compliance with Accounting Standards Bank reconciliations Completion of consolidation entries using Hyperion Assist with EOM and EOY reporting Assist with statutory and management reporting Cashflow reporting Other adhoc duties as required About you Either CA / CPA qualified (or studying towards), you will ideally have a background in Big 4 or mid-tier Audit or Business services, working on large clients within complex, multisite environments and foreign currency transactions.  Experience of consolidation systems, similar to Hyperion would be a distinctive advantage.  You will have a hands-on attitude, and the ability to think of the bigger picture. A willingness to learn and get involved in projects is also essential.  SAP experience coupled with strong Excel skills will be highly regarded. What's on offer?   Work for an ASX listed employer of choice with Global operations An exceptional opportunity for someone looking to make their first move from Public Practice (Big 4 or mid-tier) into commerce Extensive opportunities to develop your career long term Strong mentoring and an encouraging team environment   If this sounds like the position you have been waiting for APPLY NOW, or call Claire Nagle at people2people on 07 3¦show number or 0432¦show number for a confidential discussion on your suitability for this role.    To apply for this role please follow the apply now button or for a confidential discussion please contact me on the number below 
Position Description With team fit and culture a priority, the business is seeking a dynamic and motivated Credit Officer to join their team on permanent basis. Reporting to the Credit Manager and working within a medium sized team, you will be responsible for: Collection calls Following up on outstanding debt Providing high level of customer support Handling telephone account queries - internal/external Allocating and receipting payments Setting up new accounts and invoicing General hoc duties assigned by your Manager Reconciling debtor accounts as well as; Receipting/Banking  Ideal Candidate Previous experience within Credit and Accounts Receivable Experience within Legal or Professional Services industry is essential Demonstrated excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to multi-task Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment Ability to prioritise own work, and have excellent time management skills Additional benefit Flexible working hours Mentorship & career development Fun and dynamic work environment Organisational Profile Our client is a leading professional services firm. They are ranked in the top 5 firms within their industry across Australia. They are extremely customer focused and committed to providing the best services to all their clients. With a dynamic and respected leadership team, the group has an ambitious growth plan that will see it further cement its position and significantly expand its Australian presence.  How to Apply To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Giuliana Bisogni on 03 9616 2624, quoting reference number 668559. 
With a million more people set to call Victoria home in the next 10 years, the work of VicRoads in meeting the demands of population growth and safely connecting communities is vital to ensuring the liveability of Victoria. About the job An exciting opportunity exists for a qualified accountant on a 6-month fixed-term basis within the VicRoads Financial Services team.   The Finance Process and Efficiency Officer is responsible for the development and implementation of business and management frameworks and systems to support the efficient and effective delivery of state-wide accounting services.   This role is focused on reviewing and documenting processes, developing innovative solutions, providing training and advice to the Financial Services team and producing guidelines and templates to support continuous process optimisation.   This role requires communication, negotiation and influencing skills and works closely with Finance Business Partnering teams and other stakeholders.   Key priorities in this role include: Develop templates and guidelines to support process standardisation and efficiency Provide advice and training on financial policies and processes to internal customers and stakeholders Develop and implement improvements to financial processes that minimise risk and support continuous improvement Document internal processes, and work with internal stakeholders to agree internal timelines and task frequency Build relationships with internal stakeholders to progress work and agree mutually beneficial outcomes What we are looking for: Analytical and Conceptual ability, including ability to develop solutions to financial problems Knowledge and experience in accounting and financial processes, including ability to identify opportunities for improvement Interpersonal and communication skills, including an ability to build networks and provide advice to internal stakeholders This role requires experience relevant to the capabilities of the role, and CPA status or a Tertiary Qualification that exempts all foundation requirements for entry into CPA Program. For more information about this role please contact Maria Field on 9229 6088. For further information or to apply for this job please click on the 'Apply for this job' button below. 
 This is an exciting Reporting & Accounting Manager vacancy working with a large listed group, managing a small team. Competitive package on offer. Client Details My client, a high performing listed group, is currently in the process of recruiting for an experienced Reporting & Accounting Manager to join their high preforming finance team. Working in a very dynamic and highly profitable industry, my client is well known in the industry for being at the forefront in driving innovation within their industry. Description Reporting to the Financial Controller, as the Reporting & Accounting Manager, you will be in expert in financial reporting and accounting operation. You will oversee the efficient delivery of statutory, tax and internal reporting to meet external regulatory reporting requirements. Managing a small team, you will also use your strong management skills to lead and develop the team. Your key deliverables will include the following: Coordinate with the financial accountants to maintain the integrity of the monthly Profit & Loss and Balance Sheet in time for senior management review and close of the reporting period. Coordinate the company's interim and annual audit with independent auditor's. Oversee the accurate and timely delivery of all internal and external financial and tax reporting requirements by the Financial Reporting team. Lead a team of 6 people with 2 direct reports. Identification of areas of business improvement through understanding, analysis and recommendations. Partner with the business to implement new processes. Provides financial advice to the business by studying operational issues; applying financial principles and practices; developing recommendations. Profile The ideal candidate will have the following background: CPA/CA Qualified with a minimum of 4 year's commercial experience Previous experience working in a similar Reporting & Accounting Manager position within a listed environment, Previous experience working with SAP Previous experience working within a Retail or FMCG environment would be desirable. Strong communication skills are also important as you will have regular interaction with the broader Group Finance team as well as the Finance, Planning & Analysis team. Job Offer Fantastic opportunity within a market leader, with an opportunity to drive process improvement across the finance team. Convenient Norwest Sydney location Competitive package on offer On-site Parking To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Nelson Camacho on +61 2 8836 0786 
 Ascender is the leading payroll and learning outsourcing provider in the Asia-Pacific and Middle East region. We believe we don't just pay people; we enrich their lives and help them build prosperity. At Ascender you'll find a fast paced, real time atmosphere.  As we evolve in the business we are working on creating a unique working experience of both innovative, go-getter spirit, and expert seasoned specialists. The Role Due to new business wins we are seeking experienced and dynamic Payroll Officers to join one of our outsourced teams.  This team works on multiple of our leading payroll products, including PayANZ and Preceda.  The outsourced environment provides opportunities to provide payroll services to multiple clients offering diversity and learning opportunities that can't be found in in-house payroll roles.  As a part of a larger company there are multiple career options from learning different payroll and HR systems, growing into a team lead or subject matter expert or even moving into consulting or sales; the possibilities are endless. Key responsibilities of this role are: ·  Providing accurate and timely end-to-end payroll services ·  Customer service ·  Working on integrated HR/payroll solutions ·  General Ledger and superannuation reconciliation   We are looking for payroll professionals that want more than a normal payroll position offers.   To be successful you will need: ·  End-to-end payroll processing experience essential ·  Exposure to Australia and New Zealand legislation will be highly regarded ·  Proficient in the operation of medium to large payroll systems ·  Well-developed analytical and conceptual skills ·  Experience in Ascender Pay ideal but not essential ·  Excellent communication skills ·  Intermediate Excel skills   If you are looking for the next step in your payroll career, please apply now. 
The Firm This 7 partner accounting practice in Shepparton are currently experiencing a strong growth phase and as a result are looking to add multiple talented, driven and ambitious accountants to their team. With a focus on a solid SME client base, this firm continue to add high quality national clients through a successful referral network. Clients come from a range of industries with turnovers up to $20 million but there is a particuarly strong focus on the Transport industry. Based in modern offices, you will work in a team centric environment with direct support from managers. They will also provide you with full CA/CPA study support alongside regular internal and external training programs.  The Role Reporting directly to one of the managers, you will be responsible for providing support and working on clients from beginning to end and will be the given the opportunity to progress at your own pace.  Your responsibilities will include but not be limited to: Preparation of financial statements, taxation returns, company trusts, and individuals Assist the Manager with ad hoc projects  Exposure to meeting with clients and developing strong relationships The Person  In order to be successful in this role, it is essential you have: 2+ years' experience  CA/CPA Qualified (Part-Qualified)  Had exposure to working on clients in the Transport Industry Excellent communication skills Strong work ethic and pro-active mentality Ability to work autonomously Determination to progress in a successful, growing firm In return, you will be offered a collaborative working environment with a strong emphasis on work-life balance and growth opportunities.  If you would like to have a confidential discussion about this opportunity, please call Sam Norris on 03 8640 5420. Alternatively email your CV directly to snorris@walkerandersen.com 
 Our client is a boutique international equities fund manager that commenced operations in 2017. The business is backed by a highly regarded private equity investor and has raised a significant amount of funds under management since commencing operations. The company has a high calibre investment team, with a track record of significant outperformance. The previous international equities fund managed by the Managing Director was ranked top decile amongst its peers worldwide by Mercer and generated outperformance of circa 5% p.a. over a 6 year period. The business is seeking a part time Financial Controller on a 2-3 day a week basis, who will have sole responsibility for the finance function including: - statutory accounts - tax returns and BAS - budgeting and forecasting - cashflow management - company secretarial duties As the fund grows, it is envisaged that this will likely become a full time role over the next few years. We are seeking high calibre financial controllers with a financial services background (a capital markets, funds management or banking background would be ideal) and experience working in a boutique environment. This is an outstanding opportunity to work with a high calibre team in a boutique environment with flexibility with regards to working hours. 
A great opportunity has become available to work for an Organisation who makes a substantial difference to the lives of our community. They have a requirement for an experienced payroll officer to cover an annual leave on a part time basis from 1st to 30th May. You will be required to work Mondays, Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Reporting to the Senior Payroll Officer you will be responsible for: Assisting with processing a fortnightly payroll for 400 employees Data entry and coding of timesheets Processing new starters and terminations Processing all contracts and salary changes Processing workcover claims Responding to payroll enquiries Maintaining payroll files and records The successful candidate will have: Demonstrated payroll processing experience Experience interpretating awards and EBA's Recent experience using Micropay Meridian and Connx is essential Must have a valid Working with Children check (or be willing to get one, to be paid for by candidate) Availablilty to work from 1st May to 2nd June What's in it for you: Opportunitiy to work for an Organisation that supports the community  Part Time hours (Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday) Supportive manager and team environment Competitive hourly rates on offer Please call Zara Morton for a confidential discussion on 03 9098 7432. Interviews will be held this week.   To apply for this role please follow the apply now button or for a confidential discussion please contact me on the number below 
 THE COMPANY: Victorian based NFP - smaller and not as well known but really making a BIG difference for the better One of those organisations that people genuinely love to be part of Fabulous environment - passionate and committed Terrific management team - inspirational THE ROLE: Reporting to the GM the main purpose is to ensure financial viability and operational efficiency Preparing financial budgets and periodical financial reporting Overseeing the day to day financial activities - GL, AP, AR and payroll Liaising with internal and external stakeholders Drive process improvement across accounting area Assist with management of risk (annual financial audit, regulatory compliance etc YOU NEED: CPA or CA essential Demonstrate high level of financial reporting expertise Excellent interpersonal / people management skills Proven ability to liaise and engage with a diverse range of community and business individual/groups Previous experience with Xero This is a brief overview - further details available including full pd at interview. Applications most welcome - confidentiality assured. 
 About the Company My client is a global market leader, developing innovative technology solutions to the mining and utilities industries. Established in 1984, their team of highly experienced professionals are industry experts, solving today's challenges and tomorrow's problems. Creating customised solutions, their agile and holistic approach delivers rapid results throughout the project lifecycle, from inception to operation. As a global market leader, they work collaboratively from a project's inception and engage their best engineers and project managers to craft solutions to unique challenges. Quality, engineering excellence and our solution focused approach is at the heart of everything they do. Job Description Reporting to the Chief Financial Officer: Preparation of month end reporting, statutory reporting Budgeting & Forecasting Balance sheet reconciliations, GL allocations Consolidation entries, incl FX Fixed Asset Register Manage tax compliance including Income Tax, R&D, BAS and FBT Annual Insurance renewal Other ad hoc project work and reporting as required Review of internal controls and continual improvement Assist with any other ad hoc tasks as required Qualifications The Successful Applicant will hold the following qualifications: Bachelor degree in accounting CA /CPA Minimum of 5 years' experience in an accounting role Experience using Microsoft Dynamics would be an advantage Engineering services experience an added advantage Values and Behaviours The business is in early stages of a considerable growth path, expanding overseas and domestically through a combined strategy of organic and acquisitive growth. The business is implementing a new ERP system (MS Dynamics 365). Given this is a newly created role, it is expected that you will bring in new processes and controls that will lift the quality of reporting in the company. Regular travel to Singleton office is required. Strong communication skills are also important as the business is in multiple locations and  interaction with company Directors, Managers and the wider Finance team will be important. 
 Our client is a high achieving oranisation with a national reach who is embarking on a period of growth. They're looking to expand their finance function with the addition of a new Credit Officer in Melbourne's inner suburbs with an offering to rival most, this is a development opportunity for an up and coming superstar who is keen to develop and grow their career. The ideal candidate is somebody who is a proven performer that can facilitate and lead teams, promote efficiency which in turn will be met with a supportive and fun culture. You will be part of a supportive division that will have an emphasis on working together to analyse current processes and finding better ways to go about our end to end duties. Ideally the candidate will thrive on working within a team and wanting to make a difference within the organisation. Key Responsibilities: Comfortable maintaining a portfolio made up of large multi-nationals Ad-hoc project management / provide detailed analysis Allocating payments and managing end to end admin credit functions (including reconciliations) Have and eye for detail and acting upon any inefficiencies. Researching customer accounts and looking at new possible sale opportunities Preparing and forecasting monthly reports Utilising strong negotiation skills so as to maximise every opportunity when dealing with Internal and External stakeholders Exceptional customer service at all times when dealing with varying personnel at the customers end (e.g. CFOs, Finance Managers, Procurement Managers, GM's etc.) Key Requirements: Minimum 1-2 years minimum demonstrated credit management skills Strong interpersonal skills with an ability to interact with high profile managers Experience with using a tier 1 accounting system Demonstrated Excel skills and understanding and ability to use AR systems Process oriented with a focus on continuous improvement Ability to follow and work within established guidelines and procedures Ability to work with a high degree of accuracy Demonstrated ability in working with a team and supporting the overall objectives set Career Opportunities: A fantastic opportunity for an individual that wants to be submersed in a fun, relaxed and professional environment. Be supported and growth your skillset. If you feel you are the right fit, please apply today. 
 BIG 4 CHALLENGES WITH A MID-TIER FLEXIBILITY EXCELLENT CAREER DEVELOPMENT CBD LOCATION WITH FANTASTIC VIEWS Gooding Partners Chartered Accountants is a highly successful and progressive chartered accounting firm.  We offer a full range of accounting services including Business Advisory, Taxation, Superannuation, Corporate Finance and Corporate Secretarial.  We are proud of our professional and innovative approach and know that our team members are the reason for our success. Our team is dynamic, energetic and friendly as well as being professional and very technically skilled.  As an affiliated member of the DFK International group Gooding Partners Chartered Accountants offers an association of accountants in over 300 offices across the world. We are looking for a well trained and experienced Accountant with a passion for excellence and a strong work ethic.  As a part of the team you will: Work with a diverse and interesting client base. Be involved in range of work that will strengthen your technical skills and abilities. Work closely with Partners and Managers. Have a supportive network of colleagues and managers Be offered external and internal training to develop your technical knowledge and expertise. Work in a modern and vibrant Perth office with a healthy work/life balance. Ideally, you will: Have demonstrated experience in a Chartered Accounting firm Have worked on complex client accounts Be an analytical thinker Have experience on cloud based software (Xero, MYOB etc) Have exposure to building client relationship Have or be close to completing your CA qualifications Possess good technical skills and knowledge. Have a strong work ethic and enjoy working hard as part of a great team. Your valuable contribution to Gooding Partners Chartered Accountants will be rewarded with an excellent remuneration package, support to pursue technical and self development opportunities added with unlimited career prospects.  
 A terrific opportunity has arisen for an experienced Business Advisory Manger to join our Toowoomba family and we are inviting applications from Brisbane candidates who are looking for an escape to the Country. About the role Assisting the Principals in the division, this role is responsible for ensuring that all aspects of the team are running smoothly with a strong focus on client delivery and people leadership. This position provides support to develop capability among team members, including delegating and reviewing their work, as well as helping to train, mentor and monitor their performance and productivity. The focus of this role provides business advisory and accounting advice to a sustainable and profitable portfolio of clients. Responsibilities include: Produce and review compliance documents, special purpose financial statements, annual financial statements, tax returns and reconciliations for companies, partnerships, trusts and a range of individual businesses; Achieve budgeted chargeable hours, fee targets and profitability of the work for themselves and their team; Maintain up-to-date technical knowledge to ensure compliance with all statutory and relevant regulatory requirements; Manage, coordinate and delegate client work to team members with an appropriate level of capability to ensure team targets are met. You will continue to service existing client relationships and drive retention by empowering team members to deliver exceptional performance and ensuring jobs are completed effectively by meeting technical standards and deadlines, within budget.   About you The successful candidate will have demonstrated leadership experience, possess strong technical abilities, be proactive and deadline-focused, and will become an integral part of our close-knit team. This is a great career opportunity for a CA qualified Business Services Manager with at least 5+ years of relevant experience that enjoys leading and driving a high-performance team. You will need to be an energetic and motivated individual who displays initiative and a flexible and positive attitude. Benefits Crowe Horwath provides a professional and friendly working environment, with great culture, benefits and ongoing career development opportunities. This opportunity will motivate you to learn, grow, develop and broaden your knowledge of the industry throughout your career. You will gain exposure across a broad range of financial strategies and professionals, helping build your network and capabilities. Not to mention the below: Expose your career to large clientele (that on the same level of the big 4); Work alongside and be mentored by industry leading professional; Modern offices with dual screens, open floor plan and great facilities; Annual social event including Melbourne Cup, Christmas and EOFY parties; Study support including study leave and fee reimbursement for CA or CPA; Monthly social events and ongoing community events. About Toowoomba Toowoomba is located perfectly on the crest of the Great Dividing Range offering spectacular scenery all around not to mention the towns impressive 150 public parks where the iconic Carnival of Flowers festival is held, making it ideal for an escape from the hassle and bustle of city life. To find out more about Toowoomba please visit - http://www.tr.qld.gov.au/our-region/living-here/new-residents/12321-new-residents-guide Next Steps If you are interested in being part of our Toowoomba family and this sounds like an exciting opportunity that aligns with your experience and career goals, then we want to hear from you. Please submit your Cover Letter and Resume today. Please note only successful candidates will be contacted. Applications for recruitment agencies will not be considered at this time. 
This organisation operates in the property space and is recognised as an industry leader due to their high-quality developments and level of service. They have expanded rapidly over recent years which has placed greater importance on financial information to help support commercial decision making.    Reporting to the CFO, you will be in a position of driving change across monthly reporting, compliance and process improvement. First step will be to establish monthly data integrity through agreed processes, strong system controls and process discipline. You will build on this with strong forecasting and working in a number of ad hoc 'finance related' projects including integrating end to end processes and procedures. You will also manage a team and be responsible for statutory reporting,  management reporting and shared services.    To succeed you will be a driven professional who enjoys and fosters a team based environment and is willing to role up the sleeves in a team environment. You enjoy the prioritisation of multiple tasks and working to deadlines. Professional qualifications (CA/CPA), and experience in a relevant commercial environment are all important. 
 2XM Finance is partnering with a 30+ staff accounting firm in the heart of Hobart. They are looking for a Business Services Senior Accountant to join their fast-growing, thriving team. About the Firm This firm prides themselves on the innovative and progressive business advisory solutions that they provide their clients. Led by 4 experienced and motivated Partners, this firm is growing at an enviable rate and aims to double their size in the next 4 years. Due to growth, the need for a Senior Business Services Accountant has risen. This is an advisory based role dealing with SME and HNW clients. The ideal candidate would be looking to step away from conventional compliance accounting into a role that will focus on advisory and value-added services. Benefits The firm has created a strong workplace culture, balancing a social environment with a corporate atmosphere and high standard of work quality. Promoting various sporting activities, EOFY Ball, Melbourne Cup & Christmas parties; the Practice is eager to reward their staff. Committed to offering constant improvement and professional development, the firm will provide avenues to achieve career success, including access to senior personnel through an open-door policy; as well regular internal and external training. Also, as a way of rewarding their staff when hitting/exceeding targets, you have the option to work a 25-hour week, whilst getting paid your full-time salary package! Due to the way they treat their staff, this firm has won the Employers Choice Award, numerous years running. About the Role As a Senior Accountant, you will be responsible managing you own sizable client base, whilst assisting in the mentoring and development of Graduate and Junior Accountants. You will work directly with all Partners to manage client relationships and drive new business development through networking and conference events with possible travel opportunities. Through this opportunity, you will be given extensive career development and training opportunities, with a focus to move into a Management role. About you In order to be successful in this role, you will have: 4+ Years Business Services Experience within Professional Practice Exposure to all entity types CA/CPA Qualifications; or working towards achieving this Excellent Communication & Relationship-Building Skills Ability to mentor and develop junior staff If you are interested in this rare opportunity or would like more information, please apply below for a confidential discussion. Consultant: Sophie Kilvington (2XM Finance). 
 A highly commercial, strategic minded CFO is required to join the eWave team, we are one of the fastest growing Commerce Agencies in the APAC region. The Role Following an in-depth strategic review, the agency is expanding its strategic capability and seeks a top tier candidate to support its growth vision. With ambitious plans to double in size over the next 18 months across the APAC region, and the financial backing and drive to make it happen, this role is not your average CFO position. Working closely with the CEO and Managing Director of the business, you will assume a strategic role in the overall management and direction of the organisation. Influencing the direction of the business as it continues to grow, you will be empowered to drive the day-to-day financial management of the business. The Agency eWave is an independent, global technology agency with commerce at its core. Through service design thinking, experience-driven digital reinvention, and a unique mix of creativity & technology, we specialise in helping our clients become more engaging, more agile and more efficient. We're headquartered in Sydney, with over 150 staff across 4 continents. Partnering with brands such as Nike, Canon, Coca-Cola Amatil, and Nestle, we work on some of the most exciting and innovative digital projects in the APAC market. The Responsibilities Delivery of strategic financial leadership, including accessing capital to underpin future growth Develop the use of data and business information to support informed decision-making processes within the company Build the overall capability of finance, enhancing the provision of financial business partnering advice to the organisation Provide executive management with advice on the financial implications of business activities, including analysis and proposals relating to change initiatives and a variety of business projects Further develop profitability analysis and insights at sector, client and project levels Support the ongoing development of systems and processes relating to pricing and scheduling of financial transactions Ongoing development and management of accounting systems, processes and policies Ownership of all reporting, budgeting and forecasting activity The Candidate Commercially minded with the ability to create strategies to drive our business forward CA/CPA/MBA qualified, you are an intelligent and natural strategist, and highly skilled as a contemporary CFO and business partner Deep level knowledge of Australian accounting and taxation requirements, contemporary financial management systems and audit processes You thrive on process improvement, and are a natural collaborator with colleagues both in finance and across the wider business A hands-on leader with an eye for detail, you enjoy working closely with, and mentoring teams of, finance professionals Ideally with a minimum of 10 years' relevant experience, you have a strong knowledge of accounting standards and processes gained through practical experience, qualifications and personal development Advanced client servicing and relationship management skills Methodical and organised with exceptional written and verbal communication skills. The Perks Convenient Sydney CBD Location Staff referral scheme Flexible working arrangements Gifted Birthday leave Office exchange program Dynamic young team Continuous training, certifications, and learning opportunities In-house cultural programs Sponsorship of attendance at international events 
 About the business New age electrical company, currently employing 30+ employees. Working alongside tier one builders in the health, science and educations sectors. Rapidly expanding a growing with the implementations of new ideas and ways to help benefit our clients.  About the role We are seeking an adaptable internal accountant with a minimum of 8 years' experience who works autonomously and delivers on time. Position will be part time 2-3 days per week in our new office based in Rowville. Your key responsibilities will include: Producing monthly reports, all duties associated with operating expenses, Cash flow charts, Cost accounting and reporting, A/P, A/R, payroll, account managing, bookkeeping, financial planning.  Help grow and structure the business in the right direction to keep up with fast growth. Benefits and perks Working with a easy going dynamic team, option for the role becoming a full time position in the future. Parking and unlimited snacks provided.  Skills and experience                                                                                                                       Experience with Xero accounting software Excellent computer skills “ Word, Excel Previous experience with in the construction industry   Strategic financial planning Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Ability to manage complex and multiple tasks with good prioritisation skills Ability to work under pressure in a fast-paced environment Strong command of the English language - written and verbal This role will include but not limited to: Bookkeeping using Xero Full functions of Accounts Payable and Receivable Prepare and process payroll and superannuation contributions Bank and general ledger reconciliations Maintain fixed asset registers and depreciation schedule Monthly IAS and quarterly BAS returns Monthly, Quarterly and Year-end internal reporting to the management Prepare and maintain budgets Familiar with Australian Taxation Office and liaising with external tax agent for individual entity and Group Taxation Lodgements Candidates with finance knowledge and ability to run financial models is highly desirable Other Administrative/operational support as required The candidates are more preferable if they are: Degree qualified in Accounting with relevant working experience Competent user of Microsoft Office Suites 
 With an emphasis on providing exceptional service, facilities and maintenance, this successful property development organisation is forging ahead in its particular sector specialisation. Reporting to the Financial Controller, you will be accountable for a broad range of duties which cover both financial, and increasingly the management accounting functions including: Production of monthly management and board reports plus relevant analysis; Production of the annual budget and quarterly forecasts; Assist with the production of the long-range business plan; Production of reports in respect to product and profitability analysis; Assisting both the Financial Controller and CFO with financial reporting, compliance and consolidations; and Development of policies, processes and systems to strengthen reporting requirements. This is a pivotal role which will suit a candidate with strong financial accounting foundations but who is keen to gain further experience in management accounting and analysis. You will have sound experience gained in either chartered accounting or commerce and have a strong interest / aptitude in systems and processes. Working with a small engaged team you will enjoy a dynamic environment and building strong relationships with peers and other internal stakeholders. CA / CPA is essential for this role and your willingness to challenge the status quo will ensure future career potential. For more information please call Jane Cullen at u&u on 07 3¦show number , quoting reference number 11328. Alternatively, to submit an application, please click below. Please submit your resume in Word format only. 
 My client is a large and reputable Chartered Accounting Practice based in Camberwell is currently looking for a motivated Superannuation Accountant who is looking to join a solid team in a relaxed environment. The firm offers a complete range of Accounting Services to its clients including Business Services, Audit and Wealth Management. In this role you will be working as part of a team providing a high level of superannuation and tax advice to clients. As the firm offers a full range of accounting services you will have plenty of opportunity to progress your career. The role will include duties but not limited to:- Assist in Managing a large client portfolio Liaising with clients over the phone and face to face Effectively complete client assignments Strong Technical skills You must have excellent analytical skills and be solution focussed Exposure to BGL 360 simple fund would be advantageous We envisage the ideal applicant would have Two years experience in a similar role Have commenced their CA or CPA studies Looking to advance their career  My client will offer a competitive salary, the opportunity to work with a large and prestigious Chartered Accounting Group, career advancement, excellent support whilst your study for your CA or CPA qualifications. Please apply for this role by clicking "apply now" to forward your resume or email your resume to ginov@natrec.com.au. For a confidential discussion please contact Mr Gino Venegas on 0412 144 503.  If this role is not quite right for you but, you are looking for a new position please contact me on the above number for a confidential discussion. 
 About us: Established in 1968, Ashley Services Group have very successfully provided of recruitment solutions and training to some of Australia's leading organisations for more than 40 years. We are part of a group of companies that includes  Action Workforce, Blackadder Recruitment Company and Concept Engineering.   The role: This role will be supporting the very busy accounts department for our successful national organisation. Working full-time Monday to Friday.   Your duties will include: Solving customer / account complaints Following up on outstanding accounts Accounts receivable Account reconciliations / allocations Staff travel bookings and coordination Diverse administration duties / errands Filing / archiving Assisting & reporting to the finance team Attending to consultants / Directors requests   To be consider for the role: You will have an accounts background with minimum of 2 years' experience as an accounts clerk or in a debtors role, able to work with minimal supervision however will have support from a friendly encouraging team. Year 12 or equivalent  Minimum 2 years' experience in an Accounts or debtors role  Exceptional communication skills  Proficient knowledge in Microsoft Office programs  Experience with accounting software packages  A professional manner High attention to detail  Why work for us? Ashley Services Group can offer career development  Competitive salary Stability by working for this national established leader in recruitment and training   If you are looking to join a friendly and supportive team, apply today by following the prompts below. 
 This great opportunity is exclusive to Marshall McAdam with one of our favourite clients in the heart of Sydney's CBD, a global business at the forefront of their industry. This Assistant Accountant role is a career-defining step for an ambitious individual looking to build on 2-3 years' accounting experience, most likely in an Assistant Accountant or similar role. Reporting to the Finance Manager, this is an active and varied role with a number of responsibilities, including (but not limited to): Assisting with all Month-end and Year-end financial tasks Inter-company transactions Bank and Balance Sheet reconciliations (very high volume of transactions) Developing and maintaining effective stakeholder relationships Acting as a point of contact for accounting matters related to the client, both internally and externally Posting journals Ad hoc tasks, including identifying areas for process improvement and other projects Who you are: Strong communicator who thrives on interacting with stakeholders and building relationships Proactive, adaptable and quick to learn Strong technical accounting skills Advanced Excel skills Degree qualified (business, accounting or finance) Part qualified CA/CPA 2-3 years' Accounting experience, most likely within an Assistant Accountant role or similar APPLY NOW or call Cydney on 02 8315 9203 to discuss further. Please note: YOU MUST BE AN AUSTRALIAN CITIZEN TO APPLY FOR THIS ROLE 
ASX listed business are looking for an Assistant Accountant to join their Project Accounting and Reporting team based in Chatswood. This is a 12 month fixed term contract. In this role you will focus on the quality of project accounting information ensuring the integrity of the data.  The role Complete project creation and maintenance tasks in Oracle Manage Project Accounting and Reporting Inbox requests Processing of journal entries Support team in process automation initiatives Assist with month end project accounting tasks Involved in process improvement initiatives Ad hoc reporting and analysis The requirements Intermediate Excel skills Strong verbal and written communication skills University Degree in Accounting or Finance Attention to detail Ability to work autonomously and in a team environment Strong problem-solving skills Ability to build excellent rapport with colleagues and stakeholders 1-3 years professional experience working within finance teams Strong work ethic Willingness to learn and develop accounting skills Oracle experience preferable but not essential The benefits  Immediate start  ASX listed company  Career progression opportunities available Potential of a permanent role for the right candidate Up to $36ph + super Modern offices close to train If you think this is the right role for you please click apply now.  For a confidential discussion about this role please call Steph Hyde on 0282565020. 
 New temporary job using HR3, 75% of the role is payroll and 25% Accounts payable. Your new company This is an opportunity to work for a Not-for-profit organisation based in the inner west. Your new role The role is temporary up until August 2018. Payroll is 75% of the role and 25% supporting accounts payable. What you'll need to succeed In order to be considered you must have exposure to payroll including account reconciliation, payroll clearing, PAYG clearing etc. HR3 is also highly desirable. What you'll get in return In return you will get to work for a fantastic not-for-profit and be part of fun dynamic team. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to kelly.axon@hays.com.au, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 About the business We are a small and growing business selling Double Gazed Windows and Doors imported from the UK. Our customers are mainly second or third home owners looking to improve the thermal and noise insulation of their new or existing home.  About the role We are looking for a person with strong bookkeeping abilities and office administration skills to work Wednesdays and Fridays in a job share arrangement. Social media, google and web experience will be viewed favorably as well as having strong communication skills. There is a variety of office administration tasks that need to be performed as well as gaining a basic understanding of our products to manage customer inquiries. The candidate must be able to work in a small team with a warm, friendly but customer focused environment. Benefits and perks There is flexibility in starting and finishing times and as this is a job share there are additional opportunities to pick up extra work backing each other up when on leave. There is also the possibility off working three days if this is required now or in the future. Skills and experience Strong bookkeeping skills with MYOB or equivalent experience is a must including BAS lodgement. Strong communication skills using clear and precise English is essential. Knowledge of social media, google add words, organic listings and web experience would be a bonus. Experience in both Word and Excel is essential as well as having a good track record in problem solving. 
 12 month placement available with a Federal Government Agency working in accounts within the legal team. Your new company Based in Geelong for over 10 years, Hays Recruitment are the only locally preferred supplier of choice to Federal, State and Local Government organisations Working with a Federal Government agency with its National Headquarters in Geelong, we are currently looking to appoint an Accounts & Procurement Administration Assistant for an initial 12 month contract. Your new role In your new position you will be responsible for the legal accounts and procurement administration for the in-house legal team. You will be assistant to the legal practice manager in the executive team. The role may expand to include additional business area specific tasks within the Legal Practice. Tasks will include (but not limited to): Management of accounts payable, Management the legal invoices inbox Drafting procurement documents, reports and contracts (Word and Excel) Management of monthly expenditure reports and budgets Management of legal disbursements including witness reports, barrister fees and working with other legal and non-legal vendors as required What you'll need to succeed Previous experience in accounts/administration role Ability to work in a team and adapt quickly to a changing environment Good communication and interpersonal skills Ability to respond to and prioritise in an efficient manner while also maintaining high work standards and accuracy Ability to Judge and make decisions within limits for the accountability of funds What you'll get in return A competitive hourly rate of $35-$40 per hour + Super. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV via our secure portal. If this job isn't quite right for you, but you're looking for a new position in Accounts Payable, please contact Ryan Twose at Hays Geelong on (03) 5226 8000 [tel:(03) 5226 8000] or ryan.twose@hays.com.au 
 Mars Recruitment are currently recruiting for an experienced Senior Accountant on behalf of a Mid-tier firm based close to the city.  Firm: This Mid-Tier tax, business advisory and audit firm currently employs roughly 30 staff and is looking to add a Senior/Manager to their team. They have a very flexible working environment and this is a very autonomous role. The firm has seen some decent growth over the last few years and foresees continued growth. This will be a prominent position within the firm. Role : You will be involved with handling the more complex compliance work such as preparing financial statements and tax returns for individuals, trusts, partnerships and companies; Conducting tax planning, managing & reviewing FBT & BAS; Preparing annual budgets and cash flow forecasts; Researching various matters as requested or necessary; Dealing with clients directly, ATO and other organisations as relevant and needed; Providing some tax advise to a SME client base.  Requirements: CA/CPA qualified or near completion  4-7 years experience within tax and business services within a small-medium sized firm Excellent English communication skills Ideally have a proven track record of client management  Hold working rights for Australia  How to apply: If you are interested in applying for this position then please follow the link, or send an up to date copy of your CV to alex.mcgregor@marsrecruitment.com.au   
   Potential to Partner Progressive & Innovative Culture Extensive training provided- Internal & External   The Company This multi-award winning, CBD based practice, employs 200 staff across the 4 locations around Australia. The practice has multiple service lines across business services, tax, insolvency, forensic, superannuation and financial planning. This young firm invests in staff to encourage career progression, throughout the different levels. The strong social culture is maintained by regular (weekly and monthly) office events, including weekly Friday night drinks, and larger events monthly.     The Role/Individual The firm is looking for an outstanding qualified accountant, experienced in Business Services, motivated to increase the client portfolio, and will fit in with the practice culture: A suitable candidate would possess the following: Established network, and desire to increase Strong background in Business Development A drive for career progression Previously worked in a mid/top tier firm   Duties: Working as the right hand man to one of the partners, your duties will also include: Manage portfolio of clients including preparation of Income Tax Returns & Financial Statements for all types of entities, of varying sizes and industries Preparation of Business Activity Statements and Instalment Activity Statements Mentoring and managing a team of junior staff Research “ tax and business advisory Liaise with clients and other stakeholders   Skills & Experience The following requirements are necessary in order to be considered: 8+ years' experience in a similar role Completed CA/CPA Exceptional interpersonal and networking skills Proven results in an advisory role   Benefits Multiple social events throughout the year: Christmas party, EOFY, Friday night drinks in the office, monthly events PT sessions provided No SMSF work required Strong emphasis on development of staff- All seminars and courses paid for CBD location- close to public transport, cafÃ©'s, and restaurants   To Apply Click APPLY, or contact Bethany Jones BCom (Acc)  on 07 3009 6404 or 0421 995 065, or bethany@mwrecruitment.com.au for further information. 
 Fantastic opportunity for an experienced payroll officer to join well renowned organisation. Your new role In this position your key responsibilities will include preparing and processing a fortnightly payroll, maintain employee records and provide assistance to employees on all payroll related matters. What you'll need to succeed Ideally, you will be experienced in end-to-end payroll for a medium to large organisation. Local Government experience will be highly regarded as well as experience using Tech One / Finance One software. You'll also be customer focused with exceptional interpersonal skills and enjoy a busy team environment. What you'll get in return A modern and technology savvy organisation with an excellent team culture. This role will be offered as a 0.4 where you will be able to work school hours / or 2 full days. This role will commence immediately and will be offered as a 8 - 12 month contract working directly for the organisation. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Roisin Smith on 0882310820. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Financial Accountant Expanding family owned and run business Newcastle/Maitland based area Immediate Start “ Full Time An exciting opportunity exists in joining the National Central Group of Companies in our Beresfield location. We are seeking an enthusiastic and committed individual, who is motivated and willing to work with a very progressive company. If you are keen to assist in taking this business into the next chapter, are a good communicator and with an eye for detail than this could be the perfect role for you. To be considered for this position you must be able to: Lead a small finance/administration team. Drive month end processes including journals and reconciliations. Manage and forecast the cashflow position. Prepare month end reports for senior management and deliver presentations; Assist in forecasting and budgeting processes. Oversee the recruitment of new staff, sometimes including training and induction; Supervise Award compliance for employees; Manage and Process payroll Process Workers Compensation payments, claims and filing of claims and record processing; Oversee accounts payable and accounts receivable; Prepare and lodge BAS's for the group; Identify areas for process improvement. The successful applicant will have: Minimum of 5 years experience in commercial accounting Have completed or studying for a Bachelor of Commerce degree. Have excellent communication skills To apply for this exciting role please send your cover letter and resume marked "Private and Confidential" Mr Rodney Landers “ General Manager, National Central, 23 Kinta Drive, Beresfield NSW 2322 or email:rodney@nationalcentral.com.au   
 Great opportunity for an experienced Accounts Payable Officer to join an Australian leading community care business. Client Details Our client is a leading provider in community care and support service for over 15 years in Australia. They actively engage in both government- funded programs and private-funded programs to provide personalised care and support. They are now seeking an Accounts Payable Officer to join their team on a 3- 6 month contract. Description Reporting into the Financial Controller your responsibilities will include but not be limited to: Process Accounts Payable Invoices Weekly payment runs Process staff expense claims Process corporate credit cards invoices and fleet management Reconcile the accounts receivable ledger to ensure that all payments are accounted for and properly posted Facilitate payment of invoices due by sending bill reminders and contacting client Depositing cash receipts / daily banking Assisting Finance team with ad hoc tasks Profile 3- 5 year's experience in a similar role Strong communication and interpersonal skills Ability to prioritise workload and meet deadlines Intermediate computer skills including Microsoft Excel, Word and Outlook Skills High attention to detail and self-motivated Job Offer Immediate Start Close to Public transport Full Function Accounts Payable Opportunity To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Yuwan Dong on +61 2 8221 8111 
About the company  A family owned import and distribution company specialising in bespoke products and services to large multinational businesses. About the role This position will be working in a small and friendly office of a commercial distribution warehouse, and be responsible for all day to day accounting and financial maters for the company, its operations and staff. Duties Month end financial reporting Management accounting & budgeting Management of day to day transactions AP, AR, credit control Payroll  Fixed asset management Stock control and inventory management Adminstration Skills & Experience Qualified accountant or similar Commercial experience in a small to medium size business Hands on management of a month end process Ability to work with a variety of staff and suppliers Great communication skills Able to work autonomously and to tight deadlines Excellent systems skills Benefits Full function finance role Local role with parking 
About the Company Our client is a well-established Accounting and Corporate Advisory practise based in the inner eastern suburbs.  They offer a work environment that is very professional where employees are highly valued and supported.    About the Role Reporting to the Company Director you will hold end to end responsibility for the ASIC Corporate Compliance activities with some additional office support duties.   This role will be replacing a long-term employee where proven processes are in place and a well-structured handover will be provided.    Key Responsibilities: Preparation, co-ordination and processing of ASIC Company Statements Processing of all ASIC lodgments, including but not limited to company registrations, company address and name updates, de-registrations and minutes Creating and setting up companies, trusts and entities as well as handling renewals and transfers of business names with ASIC Assisting the accounting team to draw up documents and follow up with clients General administration and office support, e.g. filing, copying, scanning, collating, binding etc. Relief reception duties, meeting and greeting clients, answer phones, answering basic enquiries, redirecting as required About You To be successful in this role you will be a quick learner and a natural systems thinker.  You can work to tight deadlines, are focused on the attention to detail in everything that you do and are willing to contribute to the positive culture of the organization. Proven ASIC corporate compliance experience within an accounting or legal firm is an essential requirement for this role Be familiar with ASIC portal, forms and requirements Proficient in the use of Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook Experience using CAS 360 (desirable) Experience preparing Standard Letters and Client correspondence Experience with general office equipment i.e scanning, emailing, filing Please apply online or alternatively if you wish to discuss please contact Emma Copp on 03 9553 4436 quoting reference number D698622. 
 Billing Administrator Full time Sydney CBD The role An opportunity has arisen for a Billing Administrator to work within the Billing Co-ordination team. Working in a dedicated and supportive team you will be responsible for providing a service in pre-billing, billing, client reporting and administration. Key responsibilities Working on all aspects of billing including write-off and cancellation  Loading and reporting invoices via electronic databases  General client billing reporting  Client billing administration Skills & Experience A professional services environment  Handling high volume transactions with great accuracy and diligence. The ability to work through high volumes (especially at month end) A willingness to take on any task with flexibility and to work additional hours when required. Intermediate MS Excel (desirable) and competent with other Microsoft Office programs. If you fit the above criteria apply now for consideration! 
 This is an outstanding opportunity to join a substantial international division of a prominent ASX listed Australian enterprise which services a broad range of customers in Australia and overseas. The business, which is headquartered in Melbourne, supports a forward-looking workplace culture and can offer aspiring finance professionals a genuine opportunity to further their career. This role reports to an experienced Planning & Analysis Manager and will support and influence a broad range of stakeholders in Finance, Commercial Management and Operations. You will use your strong analysis, forecasting and budgeting skills to analyse, challenge and validate a range of financial results which will enable you to deliver insightful commentary on trends in financial and operational performance. You will monitor and review the success of strategic initiatives and you will use your financial modelling skills to steer future investment planning decisions with a view to enhancing longer term profitability and financial performance objectives. As an outgoing and collaborative individual, you will also be expected to engage staff across the business in order to add clarity, accountability and insight to business performance improvement initiatives. This highly engaging role is likely to appeal to an astute and proactive CA/CPA who is seeking a stimulating, supportive and highly commercial environment in which to apply their commercial acumen, financial modelling and analytical skills. You should demonstrate prior experience in analysing, reporting and influencing business performance outcomes in a profit-driven commercial environment and possess a flair for building strong collaborative working relationships across diverse groups of stakeholders. For a strictly confidential conversation, please contact James McBeath on 03 8615 7306.  Alternatively, submit your application via the Apply button. 
 CUBECORP Group is a group of companies that specialize in Real Estate, Property Management,  Assets Management, Finance Consultation/Mortgage and Migration. Due to the expansion of the group business, we are recruiting an experienced bookkeeper to join our finance department. Dutiesï¼š  Data entry of daily business transactions into accounting software such as MYOB, Microsoft Excel  Processing payroll and maintaining employee records, reconciling payroll  Preparing end of year employee Payment Summaries  Superannuation payments  Comprehensive experience with proven capability in accounts payable & receivable  Assisting in preparation of monthly and quarterly BAS, installment activity statements  Assisting in preparation of monthly management accounts (Profit and Loss, Balance Sheet and Cash flow statement)  Assisting with the annual statutory accounts 
 Our client is a leading asset finance membership group and part of an ASX listed company. We are looking to recruit a talented Finance Analyst to join the senior finance team. The successful candidate will be reporting directly to the Financial Accounting Manager and join our finance team spread across regional areas and North Sydney. Core duties include: Ability to be involved in due diligence and M&A activity within the group. Lead monthly reviews of the group entities performance and present results Assist with the month end process from the standpoint of KPI information and analysis of variations to budget Undertaking detailed overhead analysis across the business units to help managers drive their businesses. Ad hoc projects as required    Skill and experience: Newly qualified CA/CPA with a Commerce degree majoring in accounting 5 years experience in management accounting  or business analysis with a commercial focus Experience in identifying key variations and information to assist drive the company.. Proven process improvement methodologies. Must be able to work accurately and to set reporting deadlines. This is a fantastic opportunity to join an expanding group and add value to an existing accounting team and function. If you enjoy a dynamic, high-growth environment please send your CV in strict confidence by applying below or contact Ian on 0435009874.. I 
 The company Our client is a leading organisation offering a diverse range of products and services. They are well positioned in the market for 2018 and are continuing to expand their presence around Australia. They are currently looking to attract an Accountant to join their growing finance structure based in Brisbane's CBD. This is a fantastic opportunity to take your first move out of chartered or step up from an assistant accountant level.   The role Reporting to the Finance Manager you will be responsible for cashflow management, management of corporate cards, assisting in the preparation of budget and forecasts and performing end of month close including journals and reconciliations. This role will also encompass adhoc project work as directed and also perform analysis and modelling. The candidate To be successful in this position you will be degree qualified and have commenced or looking to commence your CA/CPA qualification. You will have demonstrated experience with an ERP system and also strong Microsoft excel skills. Communication and interpersonal skills will come natural to you alongside experience communicating across multiple stakeholders in the business. You will be analytical by nature and be driven my delivering to deadlines. If you are committed to building your career in a forward thinking and well known multinational business, then this is the role for you. To apply for this position click on the link below or alternatively for a confidential discussion please call Adele Fernandez on (07) 3228 8453 
 Your new company Operating for over 50 years this mid sized Practice offers a full suite of services to its client base including tax accounting, business advisory, audit, insurance and financial planning. Following a recent staffing review, the Partners have decided to bring in a Senior Accountant who will have the option to purchase equity after 2 years in the Firm. A current Partner is approaching retirement and this opportunity is a reflection of them planning for a replacement. Your new role You will be joining the Firm as a Senior Accountant (Flat Structure) and working closely with the Partners in the Firm dealing directly with clients providing advice to them and also completing hands on work as required. Over time you will take on more complex work and further develop your client skills as you track towards Partnership. What you'll need to succeed The Firm is seeking a well rounded individual that will fit in to a team environment, that has built a reputation for delivering quality advice and excellent service. You will be a driven and motivated Leader with CPA or CA qualifications and extensive experience within a professional practice at senior level. You will have strong Partnership aspirations. What you'll get in return This is a sensational opportunity for a quality candidate to achieve their partnership goals in an established and respected Practice. A plan will be developed for you so the path to Partnership is achievable and clear with the first equity option available within 2 years. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Jason Hudson on 82310820 to arrange a confidential discussion. 
 Location: Macquarie Park Salary: $65k to $70K + Super + Study Support + Onsite Parking Role Benefit: Rare opportunity for driven Assistant Accountant to work with an organisation that has a great training and development; immediate start Role Overview Reporting to the Finance Manager, this Assistant Accountant will be responsible for all month end related duties including journals, general ledger and bank reconciliations, accruals and prepayments, as well as assisting in management commentaries. Furthermore, a large part of your role will involve assisting in month-end reporting. In addition to this, you will assist in performance and variance analysis, as well as compliance issues relating to taxation obligations. This Assistant Accountant will also be involved in the preparation of key stakeholder reports and you will have the opportunity to participate in team ad-hoc projects. Responsibilities Prepare reconciliation of bank and credit card accounts Balance sheet reconciliations for all entities Undertake month end close procedures including processing accruals, prepayments and all associated journal Assisting with the preparation and production of monthly, quarterly and yearly management reports Work closely with team members to ensure integrity and accuracy of financial reports Ensure all fixed assets are correctly captured, categorized and entered into system with accurate depreciation calculations that is reconciled to the General Ledger at least once a month. Ensure the monthly fixed assets reporting is accurate on a Tax and Accounting basis and reporting is complete and efficient. Implement and monitor fixed asset policy Back up for Accounts payable, accounts receivable and payroll Candidate Profile You are a degree qualified Assistant Accountant with intentions to enrol in your CA/CPA or are partway through. You have some experience as an Assistant Accountant within a large organisation, processing journal entries and reconciliations. You will benefit from being analytical and enjoy solving complex problems You would consider yourself highly motivated, deadline driven and a self-starter. You bring impeccable communication skills and show resilience and agility in the way you work. Your ability to engage and influence in a complex environment across multiple stakeholders will set you apart for success in this role Culture & Benefits With a strong focus on values and behaviours, this company is focussed on creating a tight knit and highly supportive culture. As the business continues to grow at a double digit rate there is a real focus on continuous improvement of all business processes. The successful applicant who takes the Assistant Accountantant role will have the opportunity to progress as the company continues to experience high growth. The Company This company has positioned itself as a market leader in the FMCG industry. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a global brand name that prides itself in a work hard play hard environment. Most importantly within their culture is also distilling work life balance As the company continues to grow, they are now seeking an Assistant Accountant to join their finance team to take a hands on and leading role in supporting this fast-paced business. Apply If this sounds like you, please send your resume by clicking the apply link below addressing Nicolas Gonzalez quoting reference number NGAA4017 in the subject line. Please allow for 3 - 5 working days for us to process all the applications. All applicants will receive feedback from us, either via email or a telephone call. 
Expanding on their broad service delivery across the region, this leading local firm are eager to engage with accounting professionals whom want to combine family responsibilities with some meaningful professional output. With the success of utilising this model across the firm, they are now looking to attract an experienced SMSF Auditor, SMSF Compliance Guru or Audit Professional to join their Audit Team on a Permanent Part Time Basis.  At this stage, they are comfortable with 15 hours per week but this can be expanded in peak times if you have the flexibility.  Ideally you will be happy to work School Hours in the office for the first few months then progress to working from home after all the training on their new processes and procedures has been completed. As you have probably guessed, flexibility and communication is the key to making this work.  The firm is very accommodating but you will need to meet them half way. An attractive hourly rate will be made available and as a Permanent/Part Time employee, you will also benefit from all the existing "firm" benefits.  There is an art to Auditing SMSF Funds so providing you have an interest, this firm is comfortable providing the necessary training to get you up to speed. For more information on this role, please don't hesitate to contact Daryl Daniels on (02) 4965 5368.  If you feel you possess the necessary experience and are eager to return to a professional organisation, simply apply by utilising the necessary buttons below. 
 The Company Based in the inner Eastern suburbs, our client is a well-established and high performing organisation in the Aged Care sector. They occupy an important segment of a rapidly growing sector. They are looking to recruit a high performing Accounts Receivable Officer to join their team. The Role Reporting directly to the Accounts Receivable Manager, you will be an integral member of a high performing Accounts Receivable Team. Your key tasks will include, but will not be restricted to:    - Ensure that invoices are billed and payments receipted accurately - Ensure charges are in accordance with contractual guidelines - Ensure that all enquiries from Residents are attended to promptly - Manage Customer's financial administration activities for all Residential Customers  - Handling customer admissions; including system setup, admissions process audits, preparing and sending finance welcome pack and liaising with key stakeholders as required  - Manage residential client financial records ensuring that all master data is correct - Manage customer payments including processing of the direct debit payment file and cash allocation - Be a subject matter expert on Residential Care income (government funding and customer contributions) and debt collection  - Provide input into the development of financial policy and procedure and process improvements ensuring compliance with the Aged Care Act, prudential requirements, and other relevant legislation, regulations and accounting standards - Operates as a positive and collaborative member of the broader support services team, including providing support to other members of the team - Constantly review processes to look for efficiencies to improve and streamline processes - Ad-hoc projects brought about by organisation expansion The Candidate With a strong background in Accounts Receivable, you will ideally have previous experience working in the Aged Care Sector. You will have high level written and verbal communication skills and will have a strong customer service focus. With highly developed interpersonal skills you will have the proven ability to form good working relationships with a range of stakeholders. Previous experience within the Aged Care Sector will give you the best possible chance of success in the role.    The Benefits  This is a terrific opportunity for a highly skilled Accounts Receivable professional to join a rapidly growing organisation in the Aged Care Sector. You will enjoy working in a supportive team, in a fast paced environment. You will enjoy the benefits of an attractive salary, with additional salary packaging. 
 Rapidly growing multi partner firm in the west, seeking an experienced senior audit accountant Your new company Your new firm is located just 15 minutes from the CBD, with beautiful modern offices. They offer their growing client base a full suite of services. At your new firm, you will be provided with industry leading training, as well as the opportunity to grow and progress your career. Your new role As an Audit Senior you will:  Be responsible for the preparation of develop an understanding of the firm's audit approach, methodology & tools  Establish working relationships with client personnel  Perform analytical review of audit documents  Review client accounting and operating procedures and systems of internal control  Identify accounting and auditing issues; perform research to solve issues that arise  Prepare financial statement reports and documentation supporting the firm's audit opinions  Provide recommendations for improved controls and enhanced business efficiency  Demonstrate ability to plan and manage engagements and people along with ensuring deliverables meet work plan specifications and deadlines  They may also be involved in the accounting and subsequent financial reporting for the firm's accounting clients from time to time.  They will be mentored by the Audit Principal on a regular basis, while learning to think outside the box. What you'll need to succeed  Be a team player with a tertiary qualification in Accounting and excels in solving problems  Preferably have at least three year's audit experience, with excellent attention to detail.  Have a good understanding of Australian Accounting Standards & IFRS as well as Australian Auditing Standards and Corporation Law.  Have excellent English communication skills, both written and verbal and well developed interpersonal skills.  Must have excellent time management and organisational skills and a confident manner with the ability to work autonomously or work as part of a team with professionals at all levels.  Must have experience with Microsoft Office applications and in particular, Word and Excel are essential.  Show initiative, responsibility and commitment to the team What you'll get in return In return, you will have the opportunity to be apart of a growing and exciting team. You will receive industry leading training, and the opportunity to develop your career. You will receive competitive remuneration, and the opportunity to grow and manage client relationships. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Tom Miles on 9604 9517 now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
Bring your energy! APA Group is one of Australia's leading energy infrastructure businesses. As a part of the APA team, you'll join a group of passionate professionals who work safely, and responsibly to deliver Australia's energy. As one of Australia's ASX top 50 organisations we offer career and personal development opportunities, work-life balance, discounts, incentives and wellbeing programs. Best of all, we are a bunch of great people to work with! We now have an exciting opportunity available for a Fixed Assets Accountant to join our Financial Accounting team in Adelaide on a full time fixed term basis for 12 months. Reporting to the Accounting Control Manager, you will play a key role in providing high quality service throughout fixed asset accounting and project ledger control and maintenance. On a day-to-day basis, your responsibilities will include: Ensure month end processing and reporting occurs according to deadlines for both Projects and Fixed Assets Projects ledger control & maintenance Fixed Asset register control & maintenance from both a book and tax perspective Perform GL transactions and reconciliation's Process revaluations through Fixed Asset register as required Develop effective and proactive working relationships with internal customers and stakeholders To excel in this position you will have the following skills, experience, qualifications and attributes: Proven experience in an accounting role with fixed assets exposure Proficient excel skills (mandatory) Accounting systems and process knowledge (mandatory) Experience in Policy and Procedure writing and compliance measurement Accounting to degree level (CPA/CA preferred) An adaptable, analytical and customer focussed attitude   With a strong focus on achieving results, a collaborative working style and a values-based culture, APA offers you a career opportunity like no other! If this sounds like a company and team that you'd like to be a part of we'd love to hear from you! Submit your application (covering letter and CV) by pressing the Apply button below before the closing date of 30 April 2018. Applicants must be eligible to work in Australia to be considered. APA Group is not accepting submissions from recruitment agencies for this role. 
This well-known and established Australian media company is currently seeking a Finance Business Partner / Commercial Analyst with approximately 2 to 4 years of experience in a similar role. The position will have a significant impact on the organisation as the candidate will be tasked with providing strategic commercial recommendations that will drive company-wide changes. The role is based out of the CBD and reports into the Finance Manager. The company culture is exceptional and the position encompasses 60% ad-hoc responsibilities focusing on various projects and analyses.  This role will be responsible for: Business partnering with various internal stakeholders to drive strategic commercial recommendations Providing financial analysis for the development of KPIs company-wide Working with other commercial analysts and specialists to test business ideas and provide feedback on various initiatives Financial modelling in Excel Designing projects for further business improvements CA or CPA qualification is NOT required. Previous management consulting experience is highly preferred. Interested? Click on "Apply now!" or call Elvira at Perigon Group on 9775 5916. 
 Mars Recruitment are currently recruiting for an experienced Intermediate Accountant on behalf of a 3 partner practice based in the western suburbs.  This is a typical tax and business servives firm who can offer a generous salary package, full study support and and solid work/life balance.  Role : You will be involved with handle various compliance work such as preparing financial statements and tax returns for individuals, trusts, partnerships and companies; Conducting tax planning, managing & reviewing FBT & BAS; Preparing annual budgets and cash flow forecasts; Researching various matters as requested or necessary; Dealing with clients directly, ATO and other organisations as relevant and needed;  Requirements: Studying for CA or qualified  2-4 years experience within tax and business services SMSF experience is beneficial  Strong experience with Xero Hold working rights for Australia  How to apply: If you are interested in applying for this position then please follow the link, or send an up to date copy of your CV to alex.mcgregor@marsrecruitment.com.au   
 The Company A leader in their field, this organisation provides solutions to a number of clients. Supporting the CEO as well as the senior business stakeholders, this organisation seeks a hands-on Chief Operating Officer to run the day to day finance and operations of the business, as well as to assist in their growth and development. The Role This is an exciting opportunity to join an established and well-run organisation. Reporting to the Directors of the organisation, your role will be to manage the day to day finance and operations. Specific duties include, but are not limited to: Preparation of budgets, analysis and 12 months forecast P&L reporting including consolidating the Australia accounts GST, FBT and BAS Compliance Payroll Management Prepare quarterly reporting packs and reconciliations Profit maximisation and cost review analysis Liaise with CEO and support growth Liaise with auditors on any compliance related matters Manage and negotiate new contracts Facilities Management Assisting in new systems implementation Ad-hoc support to non-finance stakeholders The Individual The successful applicant will be CPA or CA qualified, who is comfortable to work in a very hands-on environment. You will have strong leadership, team spirit and will be able to manage commercial outcomes. Click APPLY or alternatively please call Jason Sellyn at TwoScots Recruitment in our Melbourne office on 03 8624 2502 for a confidential discussion about this opportunity. 
 T&T Corporation is a fast growing family business specialising in high end construction, fit out, shop fitting and building repairs for the Insurance Industry. From humble beginnings in 1993 the company has grown organically to ten (10) branches along the east coast of Australia stretching from Cairns to Melbourne and across to Adelaide Our Central Accounts team is seeking to find a casual Accounts Administrator with 5 years experience in Reckon Accounts. The position is based in our Burleigh Heads office. Office hours are from 8:00am to 5:00pm, Monday to Friday.  Benefits of Working for the Company: Casual  position 2-3 days per week, with possibility of more hours when required. No weekend or night work. Working with a friendly team in a family business. Key Responsibilities include: Debtor Collection while assisting the Accounts Team. Data Entry in Reckon Accounts whilst maintaining high level of accuracy. Extensive knowledge of Accounts Receivables, Accounts Payable and General Ledger. Maintaining the company database. Handling enquiries. Other general accounts and office duties. Work positively in team based environment. To be successful for this role you must have the following; Minimum 5 years experience with Reckon Accounts A high level of previous accounts experience. High level of computer skills with proficiency and accuracy in Microsoft Office programs. High level communication skills, both written and verbal. Attention to detail, accuracy and the ability to coordinate multiple tasks in a busy office environment.  A positive, enthusiastic, friendly and happy disposition. Team focused with the ability to work independently. If you are interested in finding out more about this great opportunity please submit your resume and a covering letter telling us why you are the best person for the job.  
 Enjoy a better work-life balance at a top firm that focuses on nurturing and developing their people. Client Details This is a close knit corporate finance team that enjoy a client-centric working style. You will work on all aspects of corporate finance including valuations, due diligence and M & A. You will have direct access to partners and ideally will move quickly to manager and senior manager level. Description You will work on an interesting a varied client base and get the opportunity to work on different types of engagements. You will not be tied down to one aspect of corporate finance but will instead enjoy a variety of work including mergers & acquisitions, capital advisory, IPOs, valuations and due diligence assignments. Profile 4+ years experience CA or CPA Qualified Big 4 experience highly regarded Excellent communication skills both written and verbal Ability to work well in a team environment Job Offer Direct client contact Variety of corporate finance work Foster and build great client relationships Intersting advisory focused work Large and interesting clients Exceptional professional development & training To apply for this position, please click the 'Apply Now' button below. For a confidential discussion, please contact Sarah Mulvenna on 02 9195 2905. 
Technical Accounts Officer   Great platform to establish your career in reinsurance Establish strong relationships within the Reinsurance market (Internal and External) Be part of the world's leading reinsurance intermediary and full-service capital advisor The Opportunity: We are looking to recruit a person to join the Technical Accounts team that forms part of the wider Client Services team. This role will suit someone who is wishing to further their career in Reinsurance and looking for future development opportunities in a global organisation.  From a background in Reinsurance in an Accounting, Financial or Claims function, attention to detail, flexibility and being able to work closely as part of a team supporting each other are the key elements as is liaising with other teams across the division, gaining further exposure to the wider Aon business and other external parties. You will have the opportunity to prove yourself to the market and drive your career. Responsibilities include:   Review, analysis, preparation and processing of all premium related items (treaty renewals, proportional accounts, FAC premiums processing) Provide internal and external technical advice and assistance with the operation of reinsurance treaties Initiate, manage, and oversee the collection of all premium related items from your portfolio or the wider Technical Accounts team Review of income related ledger balances and reconciliations Process Review and Improvement About you:      Background in reinsurance accounting or financial function with an intermediate understanding of Reinsurance Treaty wordings and operation You'll hold a Bachelor of Commerce or similar qualification an advantage would be CPA qualification or working towards it Proficient in MS Office Suite and an Advanced User of Excel (pivot tables, vlookups, sumifs, concatenate formulas a must). Understand how these functions/formulas work and where they can be useful Excellent interpersonal, time management and communication skills Exceptional attention to detail  Willingness to work as part of a team High level of integrity for dealing with sensitive information About Aon Benfield Aon Benfield is the world's leading reinsurance intermediary and full-service capital advisor. We empower our clients to better understand, manage and transfer risk through innovative solutions and personalised access to all forms of global reinsurance capital across treaty, facultative and capital markets. As a trusted advocate, we deliver local reach to the world's markets, an unparalleled investment in innovative analytics, including catastrophe management, actuarial and rating agency advisory. Through our professionals' expertise and experience, we advise clients in making optimal capital choices that will empower results and improve operational effectiveness for their business. How to Apply This is an opportunity to gain exposure and build a career within Aon.  Apply online today. Aon is an equal opportunity employer and we invite you to be part of an organisation that has a diverse workplace, values continuous learning and supports many charities and environmental initiatives. 
 Must be available for immediate start Dandenong Location   Our client is a leading manufacturing company of yeast and fermentation servicing industrial bakeries, healthcare and biotechnology companies and is seeking a qualified Cost Accountant with a strong background in handling all aspects of production and financial accounting procedures within the manufacturing sector.   The successful applicant will report directly to their Sydney Accountant   Key Functions: Ensure and manage all Daily costing and production schedules Costing of monthly and daily production reports and worksheets Stock reconciliations and co-ordinating of Stocktakes and Cycle Counts Produce accurate financial and  costing reports Month end reporting including production, accruals and financial reporting Manage Weekly and Monthly Payroll processing and reporting (Attache) Workers Compensations reconciliations and payments Possess strong analytical and computer skills including MS Office and Excel    The successful candidate with be highly experienced and skilled in all areas of production costing have demonstrated experience in financial and manufacturing accounting practices and be able to work with closely with other Managers including Line Managers, Engineering, Logistics, Production and their Sydney management team.   The company will offer an attractive salary based on skills and experience within the manufacturing sector   Interested candidates please send your resume and cover letter        
 About the business Norman R. Wright & Sons is a successful, family owned boat building company based in Murarrie, Brisbane. Since commencing operation in 1909, the business has been involved in the design, construction, refit and repair of commercial and leisure vessels for both private and government clients. Since relocating from Bulimba to the Rivergate complex at Murarrie in 2017, our business has grown significantly, and we are now looking to expand our small office team About the role Reporting to the Office Manager, your role will involve - Project Administration - Job cost reporting, quote prep etc. Accounts Receivable “ Project invoicing Assisting Accounts Payable Bank and Petty Cash reconciliations General office administration support What we offer Small and friendly team environment Permanent Part-Time role Above award wages - $21 to $25 per hour plus super 20 to 24 hours per week over 3 days with Fridays a must Hours/Days can be flexible for the right applicant Start by mid-May Skills and experience Previous experience in a similar role within the boat-building industry, general construction or manufacturing sector is essential Exceptional attention to detail and analytical skills are a must for this role MYOB Accountright and Workbench PMS experience preferred Intermediate skill level using Microsoft Office “ Excel, Word, Outlook Confidence in learning new software applications Sound knowledge of general accounting principles Highly organised and methodical  Excellent communication skills Ability to multi-task and a willingness to work flexibly in response to changing operational requirements   To apply, please forward your resume with cover letter addressing the above criteria  to tanya@wrightsons.com.au Please note Only short-listed applicants will be contacted. No recruitment agencies please 
 A permanent Finance Officer and Office Administrator job located in Pinelands. Your new company A leading organisation within the manufacturing space based in Pinelands. Your new role Reporting into the Operation and General managers, you will be responsible for: The end to end, full function of accounts payable and accounts receivable Payroll, Superannuation and Workers Compensation Preparation and the lodgement of the BAS Bank reconciliations and purchase orders Assisting with administration duties including answering the phones and filing Assist with the Human Resources department where required Assist with the running of the office. What you'll need to succeed To succeed in this position you will: Have strong Finance experience in Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable and Payroll. Excellent interpersonal skills to effectively liaise with internal and external stakeholders. Experience in the preparation and lodgement of the BAS Able to prioritise your workload Flexible with the ability to work within a small team Previous experience on MYOB What you'll get in return This is a varied role which comes with a competitive salary package and a strong team working environment. What you need to do now What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or send your CV to rachael.agha@hays.com.au [mailto:rachael.agha@hays.com.au] If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. At Hays, we value diversity and are passionate about placing people in a role where they can flourish and succeed. We actively encourage people from diverse backgrounds to apply. 
 2XM Finance is partnering with a 20+ staff accounting firm in the Sutherland Shire. They are looking for a Business Services Accountant to join their fast-growing, thriving team. About the Firm This firm prides themselves on the innovative and progressive business advisory solutions that they provide their clients. Led by 4 experienced and motivated Partners, this firm is growing at an enviable rate and aims to double their size in the next 4 years. Due to growth, the need for a Business Services Accountant has risen. This is an advisory based role dealing with SME and HNW clients. The ideal candidate would be looking to step away from conventional compliance accounting into a role that will focus on advisory and value-added services. The successful candidate will be rewarded with a highly competitive remuneration package that will reflect their skills and experiences. If this is the position you have been looking for to get out of compliance into an advisory role, please apply today! Benefits The firm has created a strong workplace culture, balancing a social environment with a corporate atmosphere and high standard of work quality. Promoting various sporting activities, EOFY Ball, Melbourne Cup & Christmas parties; the Practice is eager to reward their staff. Committed to offering constant improvement and professional development, the firm will provide avenues to achieve career success including access to senior personnel through an open-door policy; as well as access to internal and external training. Due to the way they treat their staff, this firm has won the Employers Choice Award, numerous years running. About the Role You will be responsible managing you own sizable client base, whilst assisting in the mentoring and development of Graduate and Junior Accountants. You will work directly with all Partners to manage client relationships and drive new business development through networking and conference events with possible travel opportunities. Through this opportunity, you will be given extensive career development and training opportunities, with a focus to move into a Management role. About you In order to be successful in this role, you will have: 3+ Years Business Services Experience within Professional Practice Exposure to all Entity types CA/CPA Qualifications; or working towards achieving this Excellent Communication & Relationship-Building Skills Ability to mentor and develop junior staff If you are interested in this rare opportunity or would like more information, please apply below for a confidential discussion. Consultant: Sophie Kilvington (2XM Finance). 
 ACCOUNTANT (2-5 Years Experience) TAXATION, BUSINESS SERVICES, SUPERANNUATION   Insight Accounting Pty Ltd is offering an accountant position for a suitable candidate with 2-5 years experience in a public practice to join our dynamic and friendly team.  We are a public practice accountancy firm, currently located in three offices in the south east suburbs of Melbourne. We have a position available for a successful candidate to join our team in Pakenham. We've been in business for over thirty years, and are looking to extend our current accounting team to expand with our growing firm. You'll enjoy being part of our young and vibrant team of accountants and be exposed to a firm that utilises the latest cloud-based technologies. In providing continual training, reward, recognition and development; Suitable candidates have the chance to advance their career both professionally and personally. The successful candidate will work closely with other accountants while also interacting regularly with partners, providing a fantastic environment for mentoring and a focus on developing all facets of professional and personal skills. The individual must be a self starter, proactive, able to liase professionally with clients, ideally have experience in Handisoft's suite of software and a strong attention to detail; alongside the ability to work well within a team. This is an opportunity for an experienced accountant to enjoy the challenges of a busy professional environment, with a team-based approach, responsibility to manage your own clients and on-going professional development.   Responsibilities include the preparation of: -All types of financial accounts and Tax Returns (Individuals, Sole Traders, Partnerships, Companies, Trusts and Superannuation Funds) -FBT returns -BAS & IAS returns   The successful applicant will have: -Excellent English verbal and written communication skills -A degree in Accounting or Business/Commerce with an accounting major -Plans to start/started studying for membership of a Professional Accounting Body (IPA, CPA or CA) -Time management skills -Be a team player   Preferably experience in many of the following: -MYOB -QuickBooks -Xero -Cashflow Manager   Essential, is experience in the following: -Handisoft Suite of Software -Individual I form returns -Client contact   If this sounds like an opportunity you are both qualified and excited about, and you believe you possess the skills and experience to be part of our team, please click the 'Apply for this job' button and submit your resume via the SEEK application process. Applications close: 27th April 2018 Interviews commence: 30th April 2018   Please attention your application (including a cover letter) to: Glen Fairbrother C/- Insight Accounting Pty Ltd Shop 1/6-10 Old Princes Hwy, Beaconsfield, VIC, 3807 email: candidates@insightaccounting.com.au Further information about Insight Accounting is located at: www.insightaccounting.com.au   All applications will be treated in the strictest confidence.           
 EnergyAustralia is one of Australia's largest energy companies providing smart, innovative energy solutions for our customers. We're in an exciting transformation and are committed to becoming a world-class organisation with the customer at the heart of everything we do. Within our Finance team, we have a Gross Margin Centre of Excellence division, which provide financial stewardship, control, risk management and insights into business performance. About the role In the role of Finance Analyst your main responsibility is to produce the general ledger outcomes and processes for an allocated area of profit and loss and balance sheet responsibility within the Energy domain. You will be responsible for; Managing month end accounting processes, accruals, recreating and posting journals Working closely with the commercial finance team and ensuring requirements are met Undertaking monthly balance sheet reconciliations Inventory management of green certificates Regularly updating processes and implementing process improvements What we are looking for: Demonstrated similar Finance Analyst experience in wholesale energy or in a large organisation Exceptional analytical skills and attention to detail Excellent verbal and written communication skills Proficient in MS office i.e. intermediate Excel Graduate tertiary qualification in Accounting, Economics or Finance, or equivalent (desirable) Interested? If you share our passion for making customers a priority, doing the right thing, leading change and want to be part of an organisation focused on making a positive impact, click the 'Apply" button to submit your application. For a full job description please visit our website at www.energyaustralia.com.au Any queries not on this advertisement please contact Tania Quach on (03) 8628 1568 or tania.quach@energyaustralia.com.au Please ensure your application is submitted online and not via the email on this advertisement as there is an application form to be filled out as part of the recruitment process. Application will close on Monday 23rd April 2018. 
 Highland Property Agents is Sutherland Shire's most highly respected, modern and innovative real estate agency. Established since 2007 with just six team members, we now have over 90 staff and 2 thriving offices based in Cronulla and Sutherland.  Our office is full of energy, proactive and career driven staff that support each other. We are very big on reward, acknowledgement and social events to build team moral and bonding. We are looking for an experienced and capable Accountant, who has previously worked for a small-medium sized business with growth, knowing the challenges and how to navigate them financially. This is a brand new role within the company so we are looking for someone to really own this role putting in efficient processes and systems to make the tasks more streamline.  Duties include, but not limited to;     Prepare, monitor and approve all general ledger + business ledger transactions     Profit and Loss statements and balance sheet     Ensuring compliance to company policies, legislative and customer requirement     Reconciliation of all accounts     Monthly financial reporting     Preparation of budgets and forecasts     Contribute/assist any internal and external audit process     Assist senior staff with adhoc reporting     Prepare, review and distribute quarterly financial statements and analytics     Working hours: 9:30am to 2:30pm - Monday - Friday Skills necessary for this role;     Must have advanced knowledge of MYOB     Previous experience at an Accountants level is essential     Previous experience within RE “ highly desirable     Must be CA or CPA qualified     Work towards tight deadlines in a fast paced environment     Analytical and problem solving     Experience in financial management reporting If you have the experience and passion to succeed in this position, please apply as interview immediately. Only suitable candidates will be contacted.   
 The Company Our client is a growing, dynamic company with an excellent opportunity for an Assistant Accountant. The business is experiencing rapid expansion and needs a self-starter to join the accounting team! This will be a temporary role for 6 months and can go permanent. The Role This role is heavily focused on allocations, receipting and rebates. The process is very manual and will require a lot of Excel spreadsheet work for reconciliations. You will be processing direct debits and be responsible for debtors follow-up. You will look after Intercompany accounts and Inventory. Your Skills & Experience Experience in retail / FMCG Industry in a medium/large company Experience with process implementation & improvements Strong knowledge of SAP is necessary About you You have brilliant time management skills and the motivation to work independently. As a great collaborator you are able to partner with colleagues in related departments, offering creative insights into managing client balances. You have the confidence to negotiate with clients and the business insights to offer workable suggestions for accounts falling into arrears. You relish a challenge and the opportunity to bring your eye for detail and exceptional experience to a growth-focused company. What's on offer? A dynamic and exciting role with exposure to a wide variety of clients. The support of an impressive, highly energized team. Robert Half Ltd is committed to equal opportunity and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of categories protected under local law 
 Project Finance Manager   The Opportunity At PwC, we help Australian businesses, not-for-profits and governments create value and improve the way they work. From improving healthcare, to creating smarter cities and igniting Australia's start up industry, you'll build trust in society and solve important problems.     The consulting team bring this to life by providing commercial support during the sales process, transition into delivery, and with contract and financial management throughout delivery. Support is provided primarily to key, complex and large-scale consulting engagements, as well as to additional smaller pieces of work for our Iconic and Priority accounts.   As the Project Finance Manager, you  will support a number of key client engagements, acting as a key advisor at the intersection between financial requirements and consulting delivery, ensuring that all financial matters are addressed efficiently and promptly.  This will include responsibility for tracking and monitoring financial health of the engagement, driving financial and commercial rigour, and providing general financial advice to engagements.   Success does stem from a positive attitude, hard work and going the extra mile, but that's not all!   You will: Play an advisory role to Partners and key engagement leads to drive financially commercial sound decision-making Drive the operational excellence within the business and facilitate training sessions  drive and improve commercial understanding of junior team members and key engagement staff Responds to complex inquiries regarding engagement financials and revisions; Prepares and disseminate  relevant financial reporting for assigned engagements;  Responsible for informing the project team of the financial requirements of the contract and monitoring compliance, and for consultation and escalation regarding issues not solved satisfactorily by the project team in a timely manner; Provide proactive financial analysis and advice in respect of revenue, cost performance, profitability, key performance metrics and trends on each Project. Manage effective engagement set up in collaboration with Engagement Partner, Engagement Manager, Pricing, Risk & Quality and the administration team, Manage and track all WIP, billing and contingent workforce hours and invoices.   About you The brief is simple... You have a solid background in comprehensive financial management experience and are capable of leading operational excellence through the engagement lifecycle. You're passionate about telling a story through financial analysis to drive positive change. You thrive in a collaborative and innovative culture and want to join a firm that values problem solvers, the kind of people who reimagine the possible for their clients and key stakeholders.   Your colleagues can vouch that you: Demonstrate a collaborative approach with the ability to influence and advise senior stakeholders in complex financial matters Comprehensive knowledge of financial principles, subcontracting practices, general corporate business practices, and accounting and finance principles Minimum 5 years' experience in a commercial role ideally from within a professional services environment Detailed experience of consulting engagements, including the lifecycle of technology consulting projects; demonstrated financial management of complex deals Knowledgeable, proactive, with a positive attitude, a can-do mentality and ready to be visible on your projects so that colleagues can find you for advice and improvement of processes. Able to demonstrate excellent analytical and mathematical skills; strong accounting and communication skills; advanced excel skills Have a willingness to travel domestically on occasion   Sound like you? Read on.   What we offer Working for Australia's largest professional services firm you'll join a global network spanning 157 countries that delivers meaningful outcomes for a wide range of clients.   Our culture and benefits are why we're LinkedIn's number one Australian workplace. With state of the art offices and premium technology, each person has access to flexible work options. The dress policy is flexible too “ you choose what you wear based on the work you do with your team and clients.   Fostering an inclusive culture and embracing differences is at the core of everything we do. PwC empowers you to be yourself and work with people from many backgrounds to achieve things never thought possible. Get involved in our employee-led diversity networks (cultural, disability, LGBTI or gender equality) and benefit from our best-in-class policies such as 18 weeks maternity/paternity leave, flexible work and gender equity.     Up for a challenge? We're committed to helping our people unleash their potential. Hard work doesn't go unrewarded and industry best coaching, mentoring, training and development are ready and waiting. If you hold a genuine desire to make a difference and want to surround yourself with like-minded, talented and driven individuals who strive to do the same, apply now.   
The company: Our client is an ASX listed company with a trading history spanning back over 80 years. Originally a family run company, they have grown exponentially in the past 20 years to become the true leader in their field, but have managed to retain that smaller company culture and feel despite the exceptional growth. The role: Exclusive to Appreciating Talent! We are looking for a young, outgoing Accounts Payable officer to join the shared service team on a permanent basis. Reporting to an Accounts Payable Supervisor, you will take responsibility for the following duties: Validation, accurate processing and timely payment of vendor invoices (100 daily) Manually! Matching invoices to the General Ledger Drive compliance with company policies and procedures Query and issue resolution Identify opportunities for improvement Fast & Accurate Data Entry Maintain a safe and healthy work environment The ideal candidate for this position will have: At least 2 years high volume Accounts Payable experience (preferably within a shared services team) Clear and concise communication skills (written & verbal) Intermediate Excel skills (V Look Ups) Quick data entry input High levels of customer service This is a permanent role paying up to $65,000 + super (depending on previous experience) with interviews taking place ASAP. If you are confident you have the skills and experience outlined above I am keen to hear from you. To apply please forward your resume to Melissa at Appreciating Talent today using the links. We look forward to hearing from you. 
 2XM Finance is partnering with a Top 10 accounting firm in the heart of Adelaide. They are looking for a Business Services Senior Accountant to join their fast-growing, thriving team. About the Firm This firm prides themselves on the innovative and progressive business advisory solutions that they provide their clients. Led by 8 experienced and motivated Partners, this firm is growing at an enviable rate and aims to double their size in the next 4 years. Due to growth, the need for a Senior Business Services Accountant has risen. This is an advisory based role dealing with SME and HNW clients. The ideal candidate would be looking to step away from conventional compliance accounting into a role that will focus on advisory and value-added services. The successful candidate will be rewarded with a highly competitive remuneration package that will reflect their skills and experiences. If this is the position you have been looking for to get out of compliance into an advisory role, please apply today! Benefits The firm has created a strong workplace culture, balancing a social environment with a corporate atmosphere and high standard of work quality. Promoting various sporting activities, EOFY Ball, Melbourne Cup & Christmas parties; the Practice is eager to reward their staff. Committed to offering constant improvement and professional development, the firm will provide avenues to achieve career success including access to senior personnel through an open-door policy; as well as access to internal and external training. Due to the way they treat their staff, this firm has won the Employers Choice Award, numerous years running. About the Role As a Senior Accountant, you will be responsible managing you own sizable client base, whilst assisting in the mentoring and development of Graduate and Junior Accountants. You will work directly with all Partners to manage client relationships and drive new business development through networking and conference events with possible travel opportunities. Through this opportunity, you will be given extensive career development and training opportunities, with a focus to move into a Management role. About you In order to be successful in this role, you will have: 3+ Years Business Services Experience within Professional Practice Exposure to all Entity types CA/CPA Qualifications; or working towards achieving this Excellent Communication & Relationship-Building Skills Ability to mentor and develop junior staff If you are interested in this rare opportunity or would like more information, please apply below for a confidential discussion. Consultant: Sophie Kilvington (2XM Finance). 
Our client is a multi-award winning commercial organisation and is now recognised as one of the most significant infrastructure projects in the ACT and surrounding region.  As a result of significant growth, this newly created position will take responsibility for the ongoing management and development of the finance and related systems.  Your specific responsibilities will include Reviewing all finance and related systems to identify improvements and upgrade opportunities Project manage and lead all upgrades from scoping to going live Review and document all processes looking for workflow automation and efficiencies Working across the organisation, assisting all staff in regards to finance systems related issues You will be at least degree qualified and have demonstrated experience in systems implementation and ongoing systems administration as well as the ability to review processes with a view to improving/automating those that are not working optimally.    You will also be a self-starter, have strong interpersonal, customer service and communication skills and be able to work independently and as part of a large team. An attractive package will be negotiated with the successful candidate commensurate with experience, with fully subsidised carparking and other benefits available. You will also have the opportunity to work within an outstanding financial management team that will offer strong support, training and mentoring in a highly professional and passionate working environment. 
The Company Mining Company based in Perth is currently experiencing growth and expansion. As a result, an experienced Assistant Accountant is needed to join the Finance Team on an initial temporary basis with the potential to go into a full time position. The Role Reporting to the Finance Manager the role of the Assistant Accountant will consist but not limited to the following duties; Assisting the Finance Manager with the monthly budgets and forecasting Daily reporting and payment allocation Preparing the monthly financial statements Monthly reconciliation of bank accountants and monitoring funds daily Processing purchase invoices and payments in an accurate and timely fashion Processing accruals and prepayments Good problem solver and can work well toward deadlines Ad hoc duties as required  Skills and experience Required    At least 2+ years experience in a similar position Degree qualified Large ERP experience Pronto system is highly desired Experience within Mining or mining resources Ideally working towards CA/CPA Excellent communication skills Intermediate to advnanced MS Excel skills 
 The Daracon Group is comprised of multiple businesses that collectively provide an effective and integrated civil construction service to a wide cross section of public and private clients. We engage in a broad range of construction activities including road, rail, concrete structures, landscaping, quarrying and mining and consistently deliver projects that exceed our client's needs and expectations.  Daracon has developed a dedicated and motivated workforce with a broad range of expertise and a sincere customer focus. Due to continued diversity and growth of the Group, we currently have the need for a talented and motivated Assistant Accountant to join our supportive finance team based in our Head Office at Beresfield.  This position represents a fantastic opportunity for an accounting graduate to take the next step in their career within an established and diverse organisation.   To be successful with this position you will: Be Degree qualified in Accounting, Commerce and/or Business Have proven experience in Industry, preferably in a construction or project engineering environment Be experienced in the preparation of financial statements Have experience with a job costing based accounting system Have advanced computer skills in Excel, Word and accounting systems Have strong organisational skills in order to be able to manage your time and plan effectively in a fast paced, diverse and changing environment Have exceptional communication skills Have the ability to work well as part of a team In return for the above skills and experience, we aim to offer an exciting and challenging position that will give you the opportunity to grow your career in a supportive and rewarding environment.   To register your interest for these positions, please click the apply button or visit the link below.  If you wish to obtain more information, please contact Adele Stewart on 02 4903 7000 or email careers@daracon.com.au. www.daracon.com.au/careers 
   Potential to Partner in the future Social & Innovative Culture Mentor a small team   The Company   Located in Fortitude Valley, this 7 partner, 40 staff firm has over 30 years' experience servicing Brisbane and surrounds. With a holistic approach, the firm offers full taxation and financial services, as well as Financial Planning, Superannuation and Insurance. The firm are not focused on technical knowledge/skills as they believe these skills can be trained- the emphasis is on a cultural fit in the team.     The Individual   Working in a small team alongside one of the partners, you will be energetic, passionate, down to earth, inquisitive, analytical and proactive. Your determination, initiative and drive to achieve career goals will lead to an increase the client portfolio. A suitable candidate would possess the following: Be able to add to current portfolio Partner attributes Strong background in Business Development A drive for career progression Able to see a job with a holistic approach   Duties:   Manage the team of accountants- review and manage workload, coach and develop staff Provide clients with Business Development advice- provide forecasts, budgets and analyse and interpret information Preparation of Income Tax Returns & Financial Statements for all types of entities Preparation of Business Activity Statements and Instalment Activity Statements Inspire client loyalty through the end to end management and delivery of quality tax compliance and consulting advice across a range of tax matters Collaborate with the leadership team to identify and pursue client based opportunities   Skills & Experience   The following requirements are necessary in order to be considered: 7+ years' experience in a similar role Completed CA/CPA Software: XPM, Xero, Fathom, Cas360, BGL360, How Now Exceptional interpersonal skills- both written & verbal   Benefits   Regular social and networking events Open plan, hot desk office 2 performance reviews each year- with bonuses for achievable targets Continual Career Development encouraged (and paid for) Fortitude Valley location- close to public transport, cafÃ©s, and restaurants   To Apply Email Bethany Jones BCom (Acc) on bethany@mwrecruitment.com.au or call 07 3009 6404 or 0421 995 065, for further information.   
ABOUT THE COMPANY AND ROLE Our client is a highly successful boutique property & construction company located in the heart of Richmond who specialise in developing and building high end commercial and residential buildings throughout the inner Melbourne area. This family orientated and energetic company are now seeking an experienced Part Time Bookkeeper (1 to 2 days / week with possibility to extend) to assist with invoicing and administrative tasks. DUTIES Process, issue and file invoices to and from clients; Lodge BAS and other Financial Statements; Monitor Online bank transactions; Support general office administration and management; and Maintain and utilise QuickBooks Online/MYOB. SKILLS & EXPERTISE Strong technical accounting skills preferable gained in ˜industry' or an accounting firm; Extensive hands-on financial accounting or bookkeeping experience; Proficiency with QuickBooks accounting software; Adept in Excel, Word and Outlook; and Possess highly developed verbal and written communication skills. BENEFITS Brand new office;  Richmond locale;  Great culture; Part time flexible working hours and days; and Car parking available. HOW TO APPLY   Click the APPLY button and include your resume and cover letter. Please be advised our screening process will take approximately 3 to 5 business days from the date this ad was posted. From here, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. 
 Fast Growing Tech Co / Impressive growth strategy Entrepreneurial Environment $150 - $160K + Short term / long term incentive plan In partnership with one of the world's most successful technology services this leading service provider are dedicated to continually expanding and developing cutting edge products and services.  They provide a unique range of value added IOT solutions and are the pioneer in disrupting business models and revolutionising society.  Due to expansion an opportunity now exists to join the impressive leadership team and be part of the exciting journey. Supporting the Board of Directors and working closely with the Senior Executive Committee you will contribute significantly to the development of new and existing business.   This role will offer plenty of scope and variety as the business is experiencing exceptional growth.  Obviously it goes without saying you will make sure the finances are healthy and in good shape, but of interest will be the commercial aspects of the role.  Supporting the CEO, and working closely with the investment committee you will be responsible for leading the day to day finance function across the full spectrum of financial / commercial activities.  You will interact on a daily basis with the operations of the business, you will be an ambassador of the numbers and assist the teams with interpreting their market mix and driving the overall revenue of the business.  This role is all encompassing so you will be hands on one minute and assisting with deal negotiations the next. You will provide financial insight into current results and plan models and scenarios to help drive the overall performance and assist with the long range plan. CA/CPA qualified with solid commercial exposure ideally gained within a Hi Tech or alternatively a fast growth start up environment.  You will need to be a strong communicator with the ability to pursued, influence and inspire.  You will have a proven track record of leading through vision and values, solid technical accounting skills coupled with the ability to problem solve laterally.   This is an exciting role, with a growing tech business, your efforts will be rewarded. To find out more please forward your resume to resumes@aequalisconsulting.com.au 
 Great opportunity Growing global retailer Strong culture  Pepkor South East Asia (PSEA) is multi-brand retail business operating in Australia & New Zealand. We are part of the global Pepkor group. In our region we are proud to have Best & Less, Harris Scarfe, Debenhams and Postie under the PSEA portfolio. We are looking for a passionate, experienced Payroll Officer to join our Payroll team based in our Rundle Mall office. The main purpose of the role is to provide quality service & support to our brands by ensuring our payruns are calculated & processed accurately and on time. This is a full time permanent position. To be considered for this position you will have a sense of urgency, great attention to detail, strong resilience and excellent customer service skills. You will also have: a minimum 2 years' experience in a complex payroll environment knowledge of employment relations legislation the ability to interpret awards and EAs profficieny with automated payroll systems proficiency in MS Office knowledge of retail industry processes an advantage Tertiary qualifications in Business Administration or a Service-related field are desirable but not essential. This is a great opportunity that will make a real difference to our operations & the business. The position is available for an immediate start. If this sounds like you, then apply now! We thank you for your application however will only be contacting our shortlisted candidates. No recruitment agencies will be used for this role. 
 An exciting opportunity in the analytical space for an individual to join an established organisation and liaise with senior stakeholders in a desirable CBD location. Client Details My Client is a nation wide organisation in the hospitality sector. Constant growth in the last few years has led to the requirement of a Business Analyst to join this expanding team. The business analyst will have exposure to senior stakeholders and being involved with advising key stakeholders in the day-to-day decision making by providing insights into the KPI's of the organisation. Description The roles and responsibilities for the successful candidate will include but not be limited to: Reporting on business performance and key results Analysis of any variances in performance Providing assistance and liaising with head office and venues, providing support and advice on Undertaking financial analysis Data Modelling and analysis Have a good understanding of the Hospitality industry Undertake any ad hoc tasks as required by management Providing constant improvement to the reporting and analytical capabilities of the business Profile The successful Candidate will have: Advanced Excel Skills Exposure to SAS Industry experience is highly desirably Relevant Degree 4+ years experience in the field Ideally CA/CPA Qualified Job Offer The successful candidate will have: Flexible working hours Desirable CBD location Car Space Competitive Remuneration package To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Matthew Roberts on +61 3 8640 3144. 
 Excellent CBD location $110k - $120k + Super Professional Services sector This company has dominated the market space for the last decade in Australia. Their exponential growth and success has been attributed to their workplace team. This company has an unbelievable culture that provides ongoing training, progression and personal development to assist with your career progression. A fantastic opportunity exists for a motivated and talented Finance Manager to join the team. Reporting to the Finance Director, your key duties will include: Month end reporting Financial and statutory accounts Budgeting and Forecasting Managing and developing a team Stakeholder engagement and business partnering Tax compliance Assist with audit process To be considered for this role, you will be CA/CPA qualified with 5 “ 7 years relevant experience; ideally with a mix of chartered (preferably Big4) and commercial (Bluechip companies). You will also have strong communication skills with an ability to influence, great organisational skills and proven people management skills. To apply for this role please email your resume to peter.do@lawsonelliott.com.au quoting reference number PD4913 or for further information please call Peter Do on (02) 8274 0208.   
 Are you  a bright, keen, and eager accountant with at least 3 years' experience then please keep reading. Top Juice is a successful juice bar and healthy fast food retail concept specialising in fresh made fruit & vegetable juices, smoothies, yoghurts and salads made from premium produce and natural ingredients. We're looking for an enthusiastic accountant to join our growing team based at our company Support Office in Greenacre. This is a full time role with scope for further advancement within our rapidly growing organisation Accountant job duties will include but not be limited to; Preparing asset, liability, and capital account entries by compiling and analyzing account information. Documenting financial transactions by entering account information. Recommending financial actions by analyzing accounting options. Summarizing current financial status by collecting information; preparing balance sheet, profit and loss statement, and other reports. Maintaining accounting controls by preparing and recommending policies and procedures. Guiding accounting clerical staff by coordinating activities and answering questions. Reconciling financial discrepancies by collecting and analyzing account information. Securing financial information by completing data base backups. Maintaining financial security by following internal controls. Preparing payments by verifying documentation, and requesting disbursements. Preparing special financial reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing account information and trends. Cash controlling Contributing to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed Essential Skills and Qualifications: Accounting degree Reporting Skills Attention to Detail Deadline-Oriented Time Management  Data Entry Management General Math Skills  Experience in MYOB   
 Well-established, nationally based manufacturing company we have a great opportunity available for a Payroll officer to join our team. We are seeking an enthusiastic, well-presented and reliable individual, mature minded to work on a part time basis.   This role will focus on: -Processing weekly payroll. -Answering queries from staff regarding the payroll. -Data entry -Book keeping duties -Assisting the Financial Accountant with various tasks   To be considered for this role, you must have: -Excellent attention to detail. -Ability to take responsibility for your work is essential. -Has experience processing payroll, End to end. -Has effective communication skills and can deal with a range of employees asking questions about their pay -Good knowledge of legislation surrounding superannuation, rates of pay etc. -Myob experience essential. -Be able to multi task, If you believe you have what it takes please forward your resume.            
 About the business After two years in operation CadMac is a proud, well established local Machinery Service and Sales outfit. With leading brands and a sense of pride, we are supporting our customer base throughout the Southern Riverina and North East Victoria. CadMac is a dynamic, forward thinking family operation and we hold our people in the highest regard. We pride ourselves on being "Leader in Machinery and Service" and the CadMac team is a committed, experienced and highly passionate group that understands the rigours of farming and earthmoving throughout our region.   About the role Reporting to the Managing Director you will work closely with the Branch Managers at our two locations, as well as the Administration Team to ensure the Company operates with financial prudence. You will also work to ensure the demands of our financial obligations to all stakeholders are met and planned. You will apply your sound business understanding to look for opportunities for grow profitability whilst limiting exposure. Your goals will be to deliver excellent customer service and financial performance, in what is a dynamic and competitive regional agriculture and business environment. You will have direct input to the continued development of the business and will help plan and take up accountability to deliver against the agreed goals. Accounts Management including bank reconciliations, cash flow forecasts, monthly financial reports, floor plan and major account reconciliation. Financial Reporting and reconciliation including detailed business performance, departmental performance, complying with regulatory obligations including taxation and Board reporting.   Working with the leadership team to set budgets, sales forecasts and plan for further growth whilst ensuring financial security.   Persistent work towards high level personal and whole of business performance and improvement. Benefits and perks Enjoy flexible working hours and industry specific training and networking opportunities. Work with a dynamic and forward-thinking team in an exciting and buoyant industry to achieve continued profitability. Work with the Branch Managers at each location to ensure accuracy in administration and mentor the admin team. Work with and report to the Managing Director, have input on major decisions and help identify areas of inefficiency.    Be part of the leadership team of the Company and work with stakeholders and the Company Board to develop the business beyond it's current reach. Healthy remuneration package + bonuses based on your performance and input to the business. Skills and experience A keen business understanding and an eye for financial details and profit opportunities. Experience in financial management at the coal face level of business operations. A genuine interest in farming and Agribusiness as well as an understanding of the demands this puts on our team. Honesty, accuracy, positivity and a penchant for hard work and problem solving. Team work, leadership, accountability and financial analytical skills. Dealership level Company accounting or Financial Controlling experience an advantage. 
 Well established Chartered Practice requires an Auditor 3 + years experience. Interesting Audit work that will test your abilities as an Auditor. Great Learning environment in a firm that rewards their staff with excellent career opportunities. We are looking for a motivated Auditor with at approximately  three years + experienced gained in Australia looking to accelerate their career. You must be CA qualified or be very close to completing the CA program. The firm will support your studies and will mentor you to be the best that you can be. The role offers variety if Audit and Business Services if you are working in Audit but, would like to gain experience in Business Services this role will provide you with great variety. On offer is an excellent salary package, Richmond location parking is available and, within easy access to train station, and tram stop at the front door, and the opportunity to grow and develop your career faster than where you are right now. For a confidential discussion please contact Gino Venegas on 0412 144 503 or email your CV to ginov@natrec.com.au In order to facilitate confidentiality please feel free to contact me after hours. Only successful candidates will be contacted. 
 Part-time 25 hours / week Balcatta Based Fortron Automotive Treatments, a well known and long established WA company who specialise in manufacturing and distribution of a comprehensive range of automotive treatments and workshop equipment throughout Australia and overseas is looking for an Accounts Assistant to join the team.  Key responsibilities: Processing and reconciling creditor payments and banking. Petty cash processing. Customer telephone account enquiries. Assisting with EOM processing, reconciliation and reporting. Preparation of monthly sales graphs and reports. General office duties, including collecting mail, banking filing, reception. Key Qualities: A minimum of 5 years experience in a similar role. Excellent computer skills - Microsoft Office, and preferably Exonet or MYOB. Ability to time manage and priortise to meet deadlines. Strong problem solving skills. Excellent communication skills. Strong attention to detail. This is a part-time role 25 hours per week over 5 days with hours flexible to suit the successful candidate's needs. If you would like to join our successful team, work in a friendly environment and be acknowledged for your efforts we encourage you to apply now.   
 Business Services Intermediate/ Senior role around the Northern Shores, in a progressive, growing firm. Your new company Chartered accounting firm seeking a Business Services Intermediate/Senior Accountant to join their team on a part-time (3 days) or full-time basis. Your new role Your main responsibilities will include preparation of tax returns, financial statements and business activity statements for a range of clients. You will also be building relationships with clients and advising them in regards to tax and compliance. What you'll need to succeed Solid 3+ years' experience in an accounting firm is required for this role. Part or fully CA/CPA qualified is highly desired, along with strong technical accounting and tax knowledge. Must have strong communication and be client-facing. Competency with Handisoft, MYOB and Xero is highly desired. What you'll get in return Great Company culture, supportive team, recognition and rewards for success within the firm, friendly and vibrant team and a generous salary package of between $60K - $80K package depending on experience. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Tara O'Regan on (02) 80626157 or email tara.oregan@hays.com.au. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position within chartered accounting, please contact me for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 NCH Australia Pty Ltd is a private US multinational company producing industrial chemical and cleaning products.  Our Australian office is based in Alexandria in Sydney.  We are looking for an Accounts Payable officer to join our Finance Team, reporting directly to the Finance Manager and working closely with our Assistant Financial Controller.  This role is a permanent part time position 3 days per week with some possibilities of increased hours in the future. Responsibilities, duties and functions include but not limited to the following: Expense reimbursement processing and compliance Processing all suppliers invoices into the system Investigating all invoice errors and discrepancies Liaise with suppliers to resolve discrepancies Liaising with all divisional staff for respective invoice/payment authorization Maintain filing system of all processed and paid creditor transactions Bank account and Supplier accounts reconciliation Accounts Payable Payment runs Assist in EOM preparation Other miscellaneous or Adhoc duties as directed To be successful you will require the following: Must have a strong accounts payable knowledge and experience in a similar role Great communication & people skills Excellent attention to detail Ability to work well in a small team Must have strong computer skills Experience or knowledge of "Oracle" will be an added advantage If you are interested in this position, please email your resume to Supreet.kaur@nch.com   
 GRADUATE ACCOUNTANT Our Client is a Chartered Accounting firm currently undertaking an expansion strategy. Working closely with the Partner and a motivated team of accountants, this full-time role involves the provision of a broad range of accounting and taxation advice and support to our clients including: Preparation of financial statements, income tax returns and business activity statements Provision of strategic taxation and business advice Superannuation accounting and advice This position is based at our Sunnybank office and the salary will be discussed during the interviews. To be considered for this position, the candidate will: Have recently completed, or will be about to complete, a relevant tertiary degree Be a highly self-motivated professional with strong inter-personal skills Be looking for a challenging and rewarding role in a highly successful accounting practice The successful candidate will: Develop a wide range of accounting, taxation, superannuation and business skills Have full CA support whilst attaining a CA qualification Have training tailored to your needs and well-resourced IT systems Client contact is encouraged enabling further development of sound communication skills   Please apply with a resume and covering letter through the Apply for this job link. 
 Perth NRM is the leading provider of Natural Resource Management services in the Perth region.  We protect and enhance the natural resources, promote and support sustainable agriculture, and promote and support environmentally sustainable living, in Perth and its surrounds.      We are looking to fill the vacancy left by the recent resignation of our current Financial Controller. The Financial Controller is responsible for the delivery of the financial functions of the organisation, including transaction processing, management and financial reporting and analysis, budget preparation and monitoring, managing bank and investment accounts, end of period processes, and meeting our statutory and contractual obligations (including funder reporting and acquittals) in respect of those functions.  A number of the less analytical tasks are delegated to other staff in the organisation.  Perth NRM uses the Reckon accounting package, and operates on an accruals basis using cost centre accounting practices.  We produce Special Purpose Financial Statements annually. We will consider candidates with resumes clearly demonstrating that they have the experience and qualifications required to deliver the requirements of the role in an incorporated association.   It is an exciting time to get involved, as Perth NRM is responding to the challenge of diversifying and growing our revenue base to establish a sustainable, long-term business model.  This is a part-time position (currently 2 days per week) which offers flexibility of working hours, and an attractive salary. There is some scope for additional hours in response to seasonal workload.  This ad will remain currrent for a month, until 16 May, however we will begin to review applications immediately and may proceed with an appointment prior to that date should a suitable candidate be identified. Please submit your resume via seek.com.  If you wish to include a cover letter please restrict it to a single page.  Letters should be addressed to: The Chief Executive Officer, Perth NRM.  
 Do you want to work with a growth-oriented funds management company? With a pipeline of significant investments, this progressive company is well positioned for the future. You will enjoy working independently, yet as part of a small close-knit team. Your key role will include: Day to day financial management of reconciliations, end of month processing and financial reporting; Cash flow forecasting and management reporting; Preparation of statutory accounts; Unit pricing a foreign exchange calculation; Application of taxation concepts; Financial analysis; and A continued focus on improvement and streamlining of systems. This is a key role working as part of a high performing organisation with highly engaged staff. You will enjoy a broad-based role with plenty of variety and opportunity to take on further challenges as they arise. This role will appeal to a CA / CPA qualified Accountant who has exposure to the funds management, banking or investment sectors or who has experience in a Big 4 environment with clients in an aligned sector. Your ability to build relationships with key stakeholders is paramount along with your tenacity and energetic approach. For more information please call Jane Cullen at u&u on 07 3232 9109, quoting reference number 11326. Alternatively, to submit an application, please click below. Please submit your resume in Word format only. 
 Location: North Sydney Salary: $50 - $60 p/h + Super; 6 month assignment with potential for permanent Role Benefit: Reporting into Senior Finance Manager; ANZ focus; directly supporting department heads with commercial decision making. Drive insights and bring best practise to the business Role Overview / Description Reporting directly into the Senior Finance Manager, the Finance Business Partner will have full responsibility for providing timely and accurate financial cost analysis and operational recommendations to the leadership teams. In addition, it is expected that the Finance Business Partner will provide the necessary thought leadership to continually develop and improve cost insight and analysis across each department in ANZ. From a corporate perspective your work will extend to assisting the team in coordinating and preparing business planning and management reporting. The Job/ Duties / Responsibilities Commercial insight and analysis performance reporting providing commentary across both financial and non-financial metrics. Deliver the forecast and re-forecast process for ANZ expenses. Provide retrospective and forward project cost forecasts that are aligned with revenue projections Review performance against forecast, highlight trends and analysis unexpected variances. Identify and standardise operational cost processes across the business Business Planning and Management Reporting Process improvements and driving system changes. Candidate Profile You are CA/CPA qualified and are currently working as a Finance Analyst, Finance Business Partner or Financial/Management Accountant ideally within a large and complex listed or multinational organisation. You have a solid ability to build and foster strong business relationships. Your personality is energetic and pro-active and you like to constructively challenge and improve processes. Technically, you have strong Excel skills and feel comfortable working in the banking environment. This is a highly desirable listed organisation to work for that only employs the best and offers excellent financial rewards and growth opportunities. Culture & Benefits This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced Finance Business Partner to further their career with a leading and reputable Financial Services Organisation. Founded in Australia and listed on the ASX, this organisation employs thousands of people and would be the ultimate opportunity for an ambitious Finance Business Partner. This role offers a work environment that will impress. They employ the best of the best and have an environment that promotes growth and development. Grow your career - be part of an Australian success story Be rewarded for your efforts - $50 - $60 p/h + Super 6 month assignment with strong view for extension/permanent Work directly and business partner with Executives and department heads. Apply If this sounds like you, please send your resume by clicking the apply link below addressing Richard Skaf on quoting reference number RSFBA4009B in the subject line. 
 The Business Our client is a growing Financial Planning and Accountancy practice, based on the gorgeous Sunshine Coast, in Queensland.  They have a dedicated team and an expanding portfolio of clients.  They are seeking a Tax Accountant who loves numbers, problem solving and compliance. The Role This is a newly created, full-time role. As the Tax Accountant you would be responsible for preparing and lodging tax returns and BAS. You will also be responsible for completing other taxation requirements. The right candidate The right candidate will have the following skills and experience:  CA/CPA qualified Registered Tax Agent, or able to obtain within 6 months of commencement 3-5 years' experience in a Public Accounting Practice as a Tax Accountant Experience with liaising with the ATO Ability to recognise compliance issues Exceptional attention to detail and problem-solving abilities Ability to work autonomously Strong work ethic with the ability to meet deadlines  Why work for us? My client is offering long-term secure employment and career progression, a supportive business owner who truly cares for staff wellbeing, staff development, friendly, informal and relaxed workplace and a dedicated admin support team. A salary package of $80,000 is on offer for the right candidate with the right skills and experience. How to Apply Please send your application to Suncoasthr@zoho.com with the reference number ZR_69_JOB 
 The Organisation Our client is a high profile ASX listed Industrial Services Leader, with a stellar track record of results and a strong organic and M&A growth agenda. With operations that cover every state in Australia, they have a diverse client base that includes both National (contracted) and Smaller (static) pricing strategies. The Role Reporting to a key member of the Executive Leadership Team, this newly created role will oversee the Revenue Management & Analytics function for the group, with 7 direct reports. A highly commercial and critical function, this team has a direct impact on the overall performance of the group, influencing decisions at a site level all the way through to annual results. With a strong mandate to drive continuous optimisation across this function, this role is an excellent platform for future commercial and general management career opportunities in the future. The Person The ideal candidate will have a demonstrated strong commercial mindset, with a track record of commercial and/or financial leadership within a medium to large sized corporate. Experience within a corporate with a broad customer base will be essential. While specialised experience leading a Revenue Management / Pricing function will be highly regarded, specific specialisation in this discipline is not essential. Exposure to this function as part of a broader Commercial role will also be highly relevant. For further information and a confidential discussion please contact Cameron Heaney on (03) 8636 4017 quoting reference number 3348. 
 TNR have a fantastic opportunity for an experienced Business Services Intermediate to join our close-knit team. Work with a dedicated group of accountants providing a wide range of business, taxation and professional services to a diverse and interesting client group. What are we looking for? Someone who is: Degree qualified in a relevant field “ e.g. Commerce/Business Degree (major in Accounting) Genuinely interested in starting or continuing the CA/CPA program Has 2+ years' experience in a similar role People-focussed, friendly and thrives in a team environment Committed to providing clients with the highest level of service Ideally experienced with, and confident using MYOB What can we offer? Competitive remuneration and generous study-support initiatives A genuine work/life balance A rewarding professional career Work with one of the leading regional firms in a supportive and friendly work environment. To apply, please submit your Resume and Cover Letter through Seek. Alternately, for a confidential discussion about career opportunities contact the HR team on (02) 6621 8544. Candidates must have the right to live and work independently in Australia to be considered for the role. Sponsorship is not available. 
Join well established financial advisory firm with their successful operation of more than 25 years, offices across 3 different big cities in Australia.  Their clientele is very much diverse in terms of the sectors - ASX listed companies, small, medium and large privately owned and family businesses, start-ups, state and local government, not for profit organisations. Are you intrigued by the opportunity to work for an innovative, driven and client centric organisation? The ideal candidate: Audit professional with 2-3 years in a similar role Ability to identify and escalate problems Commercially astute and understands the needs of the client Strong verbal and written communication skills Previous external audit experience Seeking personal and professional development Professional presentation Proficient user of Caseware Technical Skills: Sound knowledge on accounting and audit standards Able to achieve agreed targets and budgets Complete small audits from beginning to end Experience on a range of clients from government to private Build and maintain effective relationships Assist with resolution audit queries from team and client Monitor audit risks Actively peruse development opportunities and stay up to date with audit and accounting standards Qualifications: Tertiary qualifications in Accounting Currently studying CA What do they offer? A supportive team environment Energetic culture that inspires and supports excellence Work/life balance Professional development A market competitive salary package Generous health and lifestyle benefits Fast facts About the client: More than 25 years of success 150 team members across prime locations in Australia Four core streams: Business Advice & Accounting, Taxation, Corporate Assurance, Wealth Management, Employee Benefits Diverse clients: ASX listed companies, small, medium and large privately owned and family businesses, start-ups, state and local government, not for profit organisations What are you waiting for? Apply today.... Drop your resume to raj.acharya@rubicor.com.au or call Raj on 0411 629 814 for a confidential discussion. 
 Join a well respected boutique accounting company that is a member of CPA Australia, the Australian Institute of Company Directors, and The Tax Institute, along with various memberships of local and international chambers of commerce. Their accounting team primarily work with global companies, assisting them to establish themselves in Australia. They take pride in setting them up to enable their business to grow in Australia quickly and cost-effectively. Every business has unique requirements, therefore they customize the accounting services accordingly. They have experience with various cloud platforms and ERP system and are a Xero Silver Partner, giving them privileged access to the latest Xero Accounting information. This firm assists companies by providing an outsourced service for bookkeeping, finance and reporting functions across the following service areas: Accounting Compliance Accounts Payable Accounts Receivable Asset Management Audit Preparation Bookkeeping Business Activity Statements Cash Flow Reporting Company Health Check Credit Control Financial Reporting Taxation Advice If you are seeking to join a boutique firm offering a variety of interesting work - look no further. Put you expertise and qualifications to good use here - and enjoy the benefits of flexible work hours. Ideal for professional, experienced applicants wanting to return to work after a career break. 20 - 35 hours per week available - negotiable. A minimum 3 years recent relevant experience in Financial / Management Accounting and Bookkeeping, and experience using XERO is required. Hiring now - apply today - send your resume to Tamara Hatton-Ward at Pinstripe Recruitment. 
Bring your energy! APA Group is one of Australia's leading energy infrastructure businesses. As a part of the APA team, you'll join a group of passionate professionals who work safely, and responsibly to deliver Australia's energy. As one of Australia's ASX top 50 organisations we offer career and personal development opportunities, work-life balance, discounts, incentives and wellbeing programs. Best of all, we are a bunch of great people to work with! We now have an exciting opportunity available for a Fixed Assets Accountant to join our Financial Accounting team in Adelaide on a full time fixed term basis for 12 months. Reporting to the Accounting Control Manager, you will play a key role in providing high quality service throughout fixed asset accounting and project ledger control and maintenance. On a day-to-day basis, your responsibilities will include: Ensure month end processing and reporting occurs according to deadlines for both Projects and Fixed Assets Projects ledger control & maintenance Fixed Asset register control & maintenance from both a book and tax perspective Perform GL transactions and reconciliation's Process revaluations through Fixed Asset register as required Develop effective and proactive working relationships with internal customers and stakeholders To excel in this position you will have the following skills, experience, qualifications and attributes: Proven experience in an accounting role with fixed assets exposure Proficient excel skills (mandatory) Accounting systems and process knowledge (mandatory) Experience in Policy and Procedure writing and compliance measurement Accounting to degree level (CPA/CA preferred) An adaptable, analytical and customer focussed attitude   With a strong focus on achieving results, a collaborative working style and a values-based culture, APA offers you a career opportunity like no other! If this sounds like a company and team that you'd like to be a part of we'd love to hear from you! Submit your application (covering letter and CV) by pressing the Apply button below before the closing date of 30 April 2018. Applicants must be eligible to work in Australia to be considered. APA Group is not accepting submissions from recruitment agencies for this role. 
Whats on offer A social and fun work environment that offers a great opportunity to get your foot in the door in Accounts Payable. Work for a reputable brand in the market where they promote career progression into a range of different areas of the business. You will assist with the end to end processing of Accounts Payable Data entry of invoices Matching invoices with purchase orders Reconcile supplier statements Prepare invoices for payment What our client is looking for A 'killer' attitude who is ready to roll up their sleeves and learn Accounts Payable.  Experience in Retail or Administration would be advantageous. Ability to be a strong team player. A self motivated and willingness to learn attitude. What you can expect in return A management team that provides adequate training and development Celebratory lunches and morning tea's A strong pathway for career progression Attractive remuneration and additional benefits Who are they? Our client in a leading supplier of construction materials to the industrial industry. They are ASX Listed and a reputable name within the household. They have one of the largest shared services teams in the eastern suburbs. How to Apply To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Tiarne Bennett on 03 9616 2604, quoting Ref No TBAR1604. 
 Rangedale is a specialist provider of drainage maintenance services in sewer and storm water based in Altona North. We are an experienced team of drainage professionals that aim to deliver projects on time and on budget, always put the client first and carry out every job with commitment and professionalism. An opportunity currently exists for an experienced Accounts Receivable Officer. You will be reporting directly to the Operations Manager.  Your tasks and responsibilities Invoicing Data Entry Reconciliation Scanning Liaising with clients Your skills and experiences 3-4 years experience in a similar role Excellent Microsoft skills Proficient in Excel Proficient in Outlook Strong attention to detail and time management Ability to multitask Eye for detail For more information on our company please refer to our website: www.rangedale.com.au       
 Exciting opportunity for an experienced Statutory Accountant to join this rapidly evolving organisation in a contract with a view to permanency. Client Details My client is a market leader in their space currently going through a rapid period of growth through acquisitions. With a long standing and experienced finance team the successful applicant will have significant support within their initially contracted period. Description Reporting into the Financial Controller: Preparation of accurate year and statutory accounts Prepare consolidated accounts Support the audit process including liaising with external auditors Other ad hoc project work and reporting as required Profile As the successful applicant you will be Immediately Available and have completed your CA or CPA. You will have significant experience preparing statutory reports and consolidations. You will be a dynamic individual who is able to communicate at a high level as well as work autonomously when required. Job Offer Immediate start Well-known brand Initial 2 month contract To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Dylan Knight on 03 8562 5423. 
 About the business SPL offer products and services to the Electronic & Door Hardware (Locksmith) Industry. We look for people who can grow, think and deliver in a fast paced environment with constant change.  The company supplies work for a variety of high profile projects in the South East Queensland area such as Jewel and the Star (Jupiters) Casino. The company has seen significant growth over the last 12 months. As a result, we are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated Financial Controller to join our main office in Bundall. About the role Working closely with the Directors, your main responsibilities will be: Manage all accounting operations including Billing, A/R, A/P, P&L, Cost Accounting, Inventory Accounting and Revenue Recognition Manage internal company transactions Coordinate and direct the preparation of the budget and financial forecasts of the business and report variances Prepare and publish timely monthly financial statements Coordinate the preparation of regulatory reporting Research technical accounting issues for compliance Support month-end and year-end close process Ensure quality control over financial transactions and financial reporting Manage and comply with local, state, and federal government reporting requirements and tax filings Develop and document business processes and accounting policies to maintain and strengthen internal controls Manage asset maintenance Additional Controller duties as necessary Benefits and perks Permanent employment in a sought after location. Working for a company that values it's employees. Skills and experience Due to this critical role within the business, it is an expectation that you have the following skill sets: Previous experience in Financial Controller role essential Previous experience in MYOB essential CPA qualifications highly regarded Highly developed attention to detail Ability to use Microsoft Excel to an advanced level Ability to work autonomously and part of a team Ability to prioritise work Experience with MYOB Exo Business would be highly regarded. Experience with SimPro would be highly regarded. 
 About the company Our Client is currently experiencing a very exciting period of growth and now requires an experienced Credit Officer to join their team. Located in the Eastern Suburbs this business is young, funky and is quickly establishing itself in the market. The company also offers a supportive and collaborative working environment, close to public transport! About the role This is an exciting position that will see you responsible for managing your own portfolio of clients. Your day to day duties will include the following: Managing and maintaining your own portfolio of clients Collection of overdue debts Raising invoices Maintaining and developing relationships with clients Maximising business development opportunities with current clients Experience Required Previous experience in a similar role Excellent communication skills and interpersonal skills Keen eye for detail ability to think outside the box to offer your customers solutions Ability to work under pressure and to deadlines Package on offer This role will see you joining a fun and vibrant team while working for a well-known brand. You will be rewarded with: Monday - Friday hours Great salary package of up to $70K Free onsite car parking Vibrant, Modern Office To apply please hit the APPLY NOW button and send your resume through or alternatively call Alessia at TwoScots Recruitment on 03 8264 2515 
Company This dynamic, rapidly-growing and team-oriented real estate group possesses a significant portfolio in Australia and the opportunity for employees to broaden their exposure and develop their skills whilst growing with the business.  Role Working closely with the CEO, Asset Management and Operations, your role will initially encompass preparing group consolidations and monthly management accounts whilst assisting with half year reviews/year-end audits, preparing balance sheet, income statement reconciliations and preparing statutory financial reports.  Person You will be CA/CPA qualified with current or previous experience in Big Four and Property or Funds Management. You have the ability to pull together a chart of accounts whilst possessing the hunger to learn new skills such as financial modelling. You are resourceful, pro-active and efficiency focused with high attention to detail and excellent analytical, quantitative and problem-solving skills. You will also have the confidence and communication ability to effectively partner with senior management. Apply To apply for this position, submit your CV to gabriel@redpathpartners.com or call Gabriel Fernandes on 0280714260 for more information.  Applications may take 3 - 5 days to process and due to high volumes of applications only successful applicants will be contacted. However, your application will be kept on file if a suitable position becomes available. 
 We are a small company based in North Canberra. We provide business services to private companies and local government across rural and remote regions of Australia. Working Monday to Friday in our supportive and family-friendly office, flexible 25 to 38 hours per week negotiable. Would suit parent wishing to work school hours with flexibility during school holidays. No university degree required. About the role: Work will be interesting and varied, and your accounts experience will be invaluable. You will report to the Administration Manager. Requirements: Accounts experience - essential Comfortable with figures, spreadsheet skills highly desirable Positive, friendly & enthusiastic manner with customers “ by phone and email Strong organisational skills with ability to manage competing priorities Able to analyse and troubleshoot problems with appropriate attention to detail Able to work cooperatively with our small team Excellent written and oral communication skills Responsibilities: End-to-end processing of accounts receivable Provide telephone & email support to customers in rural and remote locations Positive and enthusiastic approach to maintaining relationships with clients and suppliers Discrepancy investigation and resolution Credits processing Assist management with ad hoc analysis requests Prioritise and meet deadlines, manage own work flows We will provide on-the-job training. If you are looking for a stable position in a friendly team environment this position might be for you. Please send your resume and covering letter to: jobs117applications@gmail.com 
 Be part of a high performing team Excellent career trajectory Australian company with a global presence About SMEC SMEC has joined forces with Surbana Jurong to provide global engineering and consultancy expertise in urban, infrastructure and management advisory. Our new partnership has created a talent pool of 10,000 dedicated people working across a network of 100 offices in 40 countries. SMEC employs passionate and innovative people who are driven to deliver exceptional outcomes and who want to feel valued in a diverse and inclusive workplace. We are committed to developing our people. We encourage them to see things differently, to be creative, to push boundaries and to work on a broad range of projects that help build a better future. Consistently recognised for technical excellence and design innovation, SMEC continues to receive industry awards and accolades from around the world. Engineering News Record (ENR) currently ranks SMEC in the top 50 of the ˜2016 Top 225 International Design Firms' and 69th in the ˜2016 Top 150 Global Design Firms'   The role Due to our sustained growth, we have an exciting opportunity for a suitably experienced Finance Manager to work with our other specialists in delivering Financial and Management Reporting for the SMEC Consolidated group.   With a minimum of 10 years' commercial experience, you will play a key role in the preparation of Financial and Management reporting including budgeting, forecasting and reporting of financial transactions, preparing monthly management reports and assisting with the supervision and mentoring of other finance staff.   In addition, the holder of this position will be expected to; Manage the monthly group consolidation process and production of Month end reporting on a timely basis. Analyse monthly reporting (including subsidiary reporting) and resolve issues as they arise Co-ordinate and prepare the annual budgets and quarterly forecasts for the group Review and provide guidance on the preparation of statutory accounts for the Group and its subsidiary companies. Ensure overall compliance with financial reporting statutory requirements Lead, develop and motivate team including assistance with training and supporting the greater Corporate finance function as required Prepare and assist with ad hoc financial queries, due diligence and reports. Review some monthly general ledger reconciliations. Manage general ledger maintenance and ensure internal controls are maintained at the highest levels. Monitor banking covenants and manage the accounting for SMEC's derivatives To continually seek to improve SMEC's financial reporting processes and reports Suitable applicants will have/be: CA/CPA Qualified Demonstrable experience and success in a similar role Experience in an engineering design / infrastructure firm would be preferred but not essential Excellent communication and stakeholder engagement skills Ability to deliver to tight deadlines Able to undertake some travel (domestic or international). In return, SMEC offers you the benefits that come from working in a global multidisciplinary consultancy in an environment where your fresh ideas and enthusiasm will be welcomed and rewarded.   How to apply All applications must be submitted online. To apply, click on the "Apply Now" link below and follow the prompts. For a confidential discussion regarding this opportunity, please contact Nancy Onyeka, 02 99007185 or nancy.onyeka@smec.com To find out more about SMEC, please visit our careers page at http://www.smec.com. SMEC is an equal opportunity employer. Diversity is a source of strength for our people, our clients, our partners and our communities. All recruitment activities go through our Resourcing function and currently, this role doesn't require agency input. Please do not forward resumes directly to SMEC employees/managers; we do not accept unsolicited resumes and are not responsible for any associated fees. 
 Company Background Our client is a successful business focusing on providing solutions to the Building Services industry. They have created a very successful team orientated work-environment that is second to none. Working for an excellent manager who is across the Payroll processes and systems, this role is a stand alone Payroll Officer role covering all aspects of payroll. Located near Parramatta, they are close to public transport but also have off street parking available if you prefer to drive in a handy convenient location.   The Role This is a stand alone Payroll Officer role working 4 or 5 days a week whichever works best for yourself. You will be responsible for the end-to-end payroll duties for Australia and New Zealand. Your role will cover all aspects of payroll and will involve everything from processing new starters and finishers, managing the weekly payroll, answering queries, reporting on payroll and managing all payroll related matters. This is all done using ADP Payforce Global.   Your Background To be considered for this Payroll Officer role, you must have solid experience in Payroll with exposure using ADP Payforce Global. Ideally you have worked in a similar position, looking after the payroll and be a confident user of ADP. Great interpersonal skills are essential and you must display both the confidence and professionalism to handle enquiries from all staff members.   If you are keen to find out more about this position, please contact Geoff Balmer at Richard Lloyd on 02 8324 5642, quoting reference 4188 or click on 'apply now' below.   Please submit your CV in Word format and note that due to the high volume of responses we receive only suitable candidates will be contacted. 
As one of the largest and most recognized names in Banking, this well-regarded organisation is looking to appoint an energetic and high performing Financial Accountant. The role serves as a Financial Services partner with all areas of Bank to provide specialist advice on financial management and strategy. Key responsibilities will include:  Preparation of the external reporting requirements and statutory financial statements, internal group financial reporting, APRA & tax requirements  Contribute to month end processes, reconciliations, payments, reporting Involved in ad-hoc projects and initiatives ranges from process improvements, business initiatives, review and implement changes from regulators   The ideal candidate will possess the following: Tertiary qualification in accounting CA / CPA qualified Strong Excel skills (Intermediate - Advanced) Financial reporting experience within Financial Services Exceptional communication skills absolutely necessary For further information please contact Alex Wood at alex@fitzgeraldjenkins.com or (02) 9226 4480. 
 About the Company We are currently recruiting for an experienced Payroll / Accounts Officer to join a well-established company that has been has been in operation for over 40 years. Joining a leader in the industry this role will see you take your Payroll and Accounts experience to the next level while working on exciting multimillion dollar projects in a challenging and collaborative environment. About the Role This role will enable you to utilise your full function payroll experience within a close-knit, supportive team. Duties Processing weekly and fortnightly payroll Leave calculations including parental, maternity, long service and annual etc. Month end and year end reporting Award and EBA interpretation Assisting with payroll queries and enquiries as required Assisting with general accounting functions Processing invoices Skills and Experience Prior experience in a similar role is essential Exceptional organisation skills with a strong attention to detail Experience dealing with high volume workloads where prioritisation is key Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal A can-do attitude and a friendly personality Package on offer This is an exciting role for the Melbourne market, that will see you joining one of Australia's leading organisations. You will also be rewarded with these exciting benefits: Salary up to $70K package Modern working environment Close to public transport Monday - Friday hours Apply now by clicking APPLY Below or call Alessia on 8624 2515 for a confidential chat about this role and many more. 
Join well established financial advisory firm with their successful operation of more than 25 years, offices across 3 different big cities in Australia.  Their clientele is very much diverse in terms of the sectors - ASX listed companies, small, medium and large privately owned and family businesses, start-ups, state and local government, not for profit organisations. Are you intrigued by the opportunity to work for an innovative, driven and client centric organisation? An ideal candidate will have: Audit super star with 3+ years in a senior role Ability to solve complex problems High level of business acumen and commercially astute Proven ability to develop rapport and understand needs of the client Previous experience managing a portfolio and team Professional presentation Strong verbal and written communication skills Proficiency of Caseware "Must have" Technical Skills: Sound knowledge on accounting and audit standards Complete audits to a high standard Manage and develop strong client relationships Experience on a range of clients from government to private and can demonstrate knowledge of client base and associated issues Resolve audit queries from team and client Develop intermediate auditors Review and provide feedback on all active jobs Identify, review and adevise solutions for risks in conjunction with director Able to achieve agreed targets and budgets Identify value add and cross sell opportunities Qualifications: Tertiary qualifications in Accounting CA qualified What do they offer? A supportive team environment Energetic culture that inspires and supports excellence Work/life balance Professional development A market competitive salary package Generous health and lifestyle benefits Fast facts About the client: More than 25 years of success 150 team members across prime locations in Australia Four core streams: Business Advice & Accounting, Taxation, Corporate Assurance, Wealth Management, Employee Benefits Diverse clients: ASX listed companies, small, medium and large privately owned and family businesses, start-ups, state and local government, not for profit organisations What are you waiting for? Apply today.... Drop your resume to raj.acharya@rubicor.com.au or call Raj on 0411 629 814 for a confidential discussion. 
 The Company Our client, a leading player in their market space have continued to experience extraordinary growth in the past two years and are set to do this again in the coming 24 months. Reporting directly to the CFO, we are looking for an accounting guru who can impress with technical ability, strategic vision and can hit the ground running by taking on the responsibility of leading the entire accounting function. The Role As the Group Accounting Manager, you will play a pivotal role in this company and take ownership for driving great customer service outcomes through effective leadership of your onshore team. This is a highly dynamic role working closely with the Executive team members which will allow you to develop valuable operational management skills with a successful market leader. As the Group Accounting Manager, your duties will include, but are not be limited to: Leading a transactional services team Ensuring process clarity and quality to support successful and consistent delivery across the accounting function Drive the performance, recruitment (when required) and development of your team Identify areas of process and systems improvement to drive efficiency and productivity Your Background To be considered for this position, you will have: CA or CPA qualifications (or equivalent) and ideally extensive private practice, a big 4 or mid tier firm exposure is essential. Have the desire to take on a blended role away from pure accounting, incorporating a significant operational component Have a passion for driving process improvement and systemisation initiatives Previous experience leading a team and a passion for training and developing others Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the confidence to effectively liaise with multiple stakeholders If you consider yourself a finance gun who relishes a challenge and is eager to take ownership of the above-mentioned areas then this could be the opportunity you have been looking for! If you are interested to find out more about this position, please contact Catherine Morony on 0400 719 773 or click on 'apply now'. 
 About the Company A leader in the construction industry nationally; our client seeks a motivated Payroll Manager to join their team. A proud and passionate culture is at the core of this organisation where they strongly value their staff and are excited about the future growth of the organisation and their people. About the Role Reporting to the Finance Manager you will be responsible for running end to end Payroll for staff across Australia. Duties include: Responsible for timely payments of the payroll function for 250 employees. Ensuring all timesheets, payroll adjustments and records are accurate and processed in a timely manner Reconciliation and lodgement of superannuation and statutory obligations including PAYG, Payroll Tax, WorkCover and monthly provisions; Reconciliation of all payrolls to be reconciled on a MTD and Rolling YTD basis Review and update payroll processes and procedures Setting up new starters and calculating termination payments Calculating leave and superannuation payments Process improvement Interpretation of EBA's Process improvement through automation and streamlining Provide an active customer service focus Build strong trusting relationships with stakeholders About You You will be a self-starter with experience in a payroll management or supervisory position preferably from the construction, or a construction-related, industry. You will have a strong background in payroll processing and system management. The Benefits Negotiable salary, dependent on experience Southside location with parking Reputable company Extensive project pipeline Social environment To apply, click the link and upload your current resume in word format. If you would like to have a confidential discussion, please contact Britt Molony on 07 3023 1019, quoting ref no. JO-1804-88523. Want to know more about Davidson? Visit us at www.davidsonwp.com 
Company This dynamic, rapidly-growing and team-oriented real estate group possesses a significant portfolio in Australia and the opportunity for employees to broaden their exposure and develop their skills whilst growing with the business.  Role Working closely with the CEO, Asset Management and Operations, your role will initially encompass preparing group consolidations and monthly management accounts whilst assisting with half year reviews/year-end audits, preparing balance sheet, income statement reconciliations and preparing statutory financial reports.  Person You will be CA/CPA qualified with current or previous experience in Big Four and Property or Funds Management. You have the ability to pull together a chart of accounts whilst possessing the hunger to learn new skills such as financial modelling. You are resourceful, pro-active and efficiency focused with high attention to detail and excellent analytical, quantitative and problem-solving skills. You will also have the confidence and communication ability to effectively partner with senior management. Apply To apply for this position, submit your CV to  gabriel@¦show email  or call Gabriel Fernandes on 0280¦show number for more information.  Applications may take 3 - 5 days to process and due to high volumes of applications only successful applicants will be contacted. However, your application will be kept on file if a suitable position becomes available. 
 Our client, one of Toowoomba's largest, leading employers, is seeking a permanent, part-time Accounts/Customer Service Officer to commence on an immediate basis. Working 25 hours per week, applicants will predominantly be rostered between the hours of 8.00 am and 5.00pm week days only, however on occasion (in staff absences) may need to be available to work until 8.30 pm. The Accounts/Customer Service Officer will report directly to the CEO and the COO and will be responsible for the following duties and responsibilities: Accounts Payable Accounts Receivable Entering all income and expenditure into MYOB Preparing and entering Journal entries Meeting and greeting customers and guests Routing incoming telephone calls Handling all electronic, debit card, credit card and cash transactions Data entry Applicants for this role should have a minimum of two (2) years' experience in a similar Accounts role and must have experience with the MYOB program. Candidates should be flexible and should be prepared to obtain a Blue Card prior to commencement. Applications close at 5.00 pm on Friday 20 April 2018. 
 Our client is a leading asset finance membership group and part of an ASX listed company. We are looking to recruit a talented Financial Accountant to join the senior Finance team. The successful candidate will be reporting directly to the Financial Accounting Manager and join our finance team spread across regional areas and North Sydney. Core duties include: Prepare and execute the monthly consolidations to produce financial reports Review of financial performance of business and the business units Preparation of quarterly, half year and year-end reporting in line with ASIC and ASX requirements  Liaise across the group to ensure the broader entities are provided advice and support to set the highest financial and regulatory reporting controls are maintained Support the Financial Accounting Manager with additional reporting requirements Ad hoc projects as require Skill and experience: Newly qualified CA/CPA with a Commerce degree majoring in accounting 5 years experience in an accounting function Experience in the delivery of the core accounting functions in listed company environment. A passion and understanding of running a team in remote locations Proven process improvement methodologies. Must be able to work accurately and to set reporting deadlines. This is a fantastic opportunity to join an expanding group and add value to an existing accounting team and function. If you enjoy a dynamic, high-growth environment please send your CV in strict confidence by applying below or contact Ian on 0435009874..   
 This services based organisation is looking to strengthen their commercial team with the addition of a passionate and engaging Senior Commercial Analyst. This is a great opportunity to join a growing team and will provide the successful applicant with excellent scope to the role, and a clearly defined career path.     Reporting to the Commercial Manager, and partnering with multiple stakeholders across this business, this role will be key in supporting the business in providing CAPEX and OPEX planning, forecasting and analytical insights. You will provide commercial support to senior management, offering solutions and advice on current operational issues. You will also assist with the preparation of monthly results, financial reporting and commentary, quarterly forecasts and ad-hoc analysis.  Confident by nature, you will be career driven and see yourself as a high achiever. Professional qualifications and demonstratable experience in a similar position is required.    For further information, please apply below 
 New job as a Payroll Manager/Team Leader based in the CBD paying up to $90k plus super. Your new company This is a global organisation based in the CBD, who employees in excess of 1,500 employees across ANZ. Your new role The role is to manage a team of 3 employees and paying 1,500 employees across Australia and New Zealand. The role is hands on full function, as well as managing and developing the team around you. The role reports into the Payroll Director. What you'll need to succeed in order to be considered for the role you must have excellent payroll legislation knowledge, have strong technical skills and strong leaderships traits also. What you'll get in return In return you will get the opportunity to work for a global company and be part of a business that is number one in their sector. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to kelly.axon@hays.com.au, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 An opportunity exists for a motivated individual to join the Finance Department as a Management Accountant. The Management Accountant is responsible for providing and assisting with business analytics, reporting, development of costing models, workforce analysis, budgeting and monitoring of key expenditure and revenue items. The successful applicant will have well-developed time management and problem-solving skills, the ability to prioritise tasks and work under minimal supervision. Applicants should also possess excellent written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills and be able to work effectively within a team environment. A sound knowledge of computer based software applications including Word/Excel/database management systems is also required. About GV Health GV Health is the Public Health Service for the Hume Region, with main campuses located at Shepparton, Tatura and Rushworth and additional sites in Shepparton, Seymour, Benalla and Wodonga. GV Health provides a range of acute, mental health, aged and primary health and community support services across the Goulburn Valley Sub Region of the Department of Human Services, Hume Region. The main campus is the major acute referral site for the sub region.   Some of the great benefits of working for GV Health include:  Wide range of specialties for clinical staff  Salary Packaging  Continually growing and developing  Work/Life balance  Support culture based on Reward and Recognition  Employee Assistance Programs  Glass House cafÃ© serving breakfast, lunch, coffee and cakes  Professional Development opportunities  Paid maternity and paternity leave  Social Club  Discount gym/pool membership  Competitive remuneration Applications close 30 April, 2018. 
THE COMPANY Our customer is a market leader in the Health and Wellbeing retail sector.   This SME business is experiencing considerable growth and needs an Assistant Account for a three month temporary assignment for an IMMEDIATE start. The business is committed to growing, diversifying and expanding.  It is an energetic business with a strong team culture.   It would be a bonus if you were passionate about the Health and Wellbeing sector and you have similar energy and drive to match that of your team members.  You will be a great team member who enjoys people and a fast paced and fun environment. DUTIES The Assistant Accountant will support the Chief Financial Controller and be responsible for key financial accounting activities.  Duties will include: Assisting with completing month end financial reporting, including preparing P&L, balance sheet and forecasted cashflow Maintaining rolling weekly cashflows Maintaining stock on hand records, forecasted stock values and minimum order requirements processing journals providing transactional support with payments, credits cards and invoicing setting up files for wholesale suppliers tracking logistics from ordering to manufacturing to customer delivery financial analysis of special projects various other projects as required within the business office ABOUT YOU The successful candidate will have: Formal accounting qualifications A minimum of 1 year's experience in a similar role Strong attention to detail Experience with Xero Strong Excel skills The ability to work well both autonomously and within a team Located in Fortitude Valley, this role is flexible - either full time, school hours or 4 days per week.  The initial term is 3 months with potential for it to extend.  IMMEDIATE START 
 A leading WA based Mid-tier firm has an exciting opportunity for a Manager to join their rapidly growing Business Advisory team. As Business Advisory Manager your ability to build and maintain strong relationships is imperative. You will be involved in mentoring junior team members in tax business consultancy and tax advisory, and work closely with the Partners on a diverse client base spanning over a variety of industries. Benefits of the role include flexible work arrangements, West Perth location, genuine work-life balance and a generous salary. Key Responsibilities: Developing relationships with clients and identify opportunities Providing assistance in the preparation of tax advice Liaising directly with clients and following up queries Financial and special purpose reporting Coaching and motivating junior team members including supervision of work outputs and mentoring Administrative aspects of engagements including assisting with proposals, budgeting, billing and controlling of work in progress Maintaining high quality service on assignments and projects Key Requirements: CA / CPA qualified Minimum of 5 years tax / business advisory experience Tax Advisory and consulting experience is preferred Experience with FUTRLI or a similar forecasting and reporting tool Experience mentoring and training Junior team members Strong IT skills is preferred Excellent communication skills Exemplify a high attention to detail Enthusiasm to continuously learn and grow with the team To apply please click apply or call Rebecca Bowles on 08 9266 0919 for a confidential discussion. 
 The Company Employing over 17000 people in 170 locations, our client is a premium brand of highly engineered plastic piping and plumbing equipment. They are urgently seeking an experienced Accounts Payable professional for their Sydney office. The Role: Will Involve: Accounts Payable ANZ “ Processing Invoices, AP Statements reconciliations (local & Intercompany) Accounts Receivable ANZ  - Liaise with customers, Credit checking & Analysing Data Other Duties may include: Travel spend analysis, Sales order processing, AR/AP Month end reporting. The Candidate: Minimum 5 years' experience in an Accounts Payable role SAP Knowledge Part Qualification preferred  but not essential (Experience in a similar role is more important) Highly organised and hard working High attention to detail Candidates from manufacturing company backgrounds will be prioritised. On Offer: Is an attractive base Circa ($55k - $60K)  + Super To apply please send your CV to Leana Fogwell by clicking the 'Apply Now' button below. (Reference Number ) AustCorp provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment in accordance with federal and state laws.   
 The Company Our client is a growing, dynamic company with an excellent opportunity for an Assistant Accountant. The business is experiencing rapid expansion and needs a self-starter to join the accounting team! This will be a temporary role for 6 months and can go permanent. The Role This role is heavily focused on Business Partnering but also on transactions like daily bank reconciliations, credit card accruals and administration, analysis, forecasting and budgeting, FBT, GST, Month end. Your Skills & Experience Excellent Excel knowledge is required Proven experience in Assistant Accounting or Junior Financial Accounting About you You have brilliant time management skills and the motivation to work independently. As a great collaborator you are able to partner with colleagues in related departments, offering creative insights into managing client balances. You have the confidence to negotiate with clients and the business insights to offer workable suggestions for accounts falling into arrears. You relish a challenge and the opportunity to bring your eye for detail and exceptional experience to a growth-focused company. What's on offer? A dynamic and exciting role with exposure to a wide variety of clients. The support of an impressive, highly energized team. Robert Half Ltd is committed to equal opportunity and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of categories protected under local law 
 My client is an established, well known National Law firm based in Sydney CBD - they require an experienced Billings Officer to join their team. Working alongside a steady team in the Sydney office you will be responsible for the billings process along with some general accounting duties. Experience in using Elite or Aderant is highly desirable as well as intermediate Excel skills. Along with excellent communication skills & ability to work with and build relationships with various internal and external stakeholders. Key duties of the role: setting up clients, dealing with queries and ensuring all information is correct monthly billing monitoring costs and disbursements various accounting reports stakeholder engagement across the practice and externally Essential Criteria: excellent communications (verbal, written) intermediate Excel skills  experience in relationship building strong attention to detail hard working - happy to lend a hand in all areas either from Legal or Accounting practice If you feel you meet the criteria above and are interested in the vacancy please email your resume to liza@charterhouse.com.au or apply via link. Please not only successful applicants will be contacted. 
 The Company We are looking for your exceptional Accounts Payable skills. Our client is a leading growth-focused company offering a dynamic work environment and a true career path. You will enjoy extensive professional training and development to reach your full potential as an integral part of a rapidly growing team. You will report to the Accounting Manager and have opportunity for career growth and quick advancement within this high energy department. The Role Your responsibility will be supporting Finance in meeting deliverables and continual improvement. You will need to provide the payment runs, completing funds transfers, timely processing of invoices, arranging cheque payments, reconciliations and acting as a key contact for accounts payable inquiries. Your Skills & Experience 3+ years of experience in a high volume A/P environment Knowledge of SAP is essential Experience in a large company environment About you You are highly organized, detail oriented, and have a sense of urgency to complete tasks promptly but accurately. You have a flexible outlook and are able to deal with frequent interruptions and changing priorities. You have strong communication, customer service and interpersonal skills, especially with contacts from both technical and financial backgrounds. You have the initiative and creative flair to offer innovative solutions to improve the A/P function. What's on offer? · A dynamic role with a growth-focused company. · Exposure to a variety of special projects to extend your skill set. The support of a talented team. A flexible workplace where work-life balance is actively promoted. Robert Half Ltd is committed to equal opportunity and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of categories protected under local law. 
 Opportunity for an experienced Payroll Officer to join an Australian leading aged care business on a temporary contract. Client Details Our client is an leading business in the aged care industry delivers excellent clinical care for their residents. They are now seeking a temporary Payroll Officer to join their Edgecliff office for a 4 week period. Description Reporting directly into the Human Resource Manager, your responsibilities will include but not be limited to: End to end payroll processing of fortnightly and monthly pay run Ensure payroll is processed correctly and on time in accordance with relevant regulatory requirements Processing new starters, terminations and payroll adjustments Providing accurate information in response to employee queries Profile Proven experience working in a similar role Familiar with Micropay Meridian System Strong written and verbal communication, negotiation and consultation skill Ability to work in a fast-paced, process driven environment Advanced Excel skills Ability to priorities task and work with deadlines Job Offer Standalone Payroll Opportunity Close to Public Transport Strong team environment Immediate start available To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Yuwan Dong on +61 2 8221 8111 
 The Company My client is one of the fastest growing FMCG organisations in their category in Australia, and market leaders in their space. Their growing portfolio represents over 30 brands which are familar household names - but they are just at the beginning of their journey! Located in the inner west of Sydney, their offices are fresh, fun and vibrant - just like the team! The Role Performing a wide range of activities and supporting 2 commercial finance teams as they look to imbed new technologies and process improvements, to better serve internal stakeholders, this is a great opportunity to have an instant impact on the business. Partnering with 2 different business units and sales teams, you duties will include, but not be limited to: Forecasting and performance analysis for divisions as needed Budgeting and spend forecasting Insights, analysis and subsequent recommendations Involvement with our ongoing projects Process improvement The Candidate My client is looking for the right fit. They're not after someone who takes themselves too seriously, but more someone who is suited to the fun culture, and what they can bring to the table that is differrent. Ideally, you will have/be: CA/CPA qualified Analytical/process minded with experience in a similar role Ability to work with people from various functions across the business Experience using SAP and BO Advanced Excel skills FMCG Experience If this sounds like you - please contact Brenden at Cox Purtell on 9220 3400. Please submit your resume in MS Word (.doc/.docx) format. PDFs will not be accepted. 
 Temp to perm AP/Accounts Officer - part time Report directly to Finance Manager $60,000 package pro rata Due to national growth, my client who is a leading property firm on the outer skirts of the CBD are looking for a part tme AP Officer who wants and has experience in month end duties and will report directly to the Finance Manager. Some key duties will include: Management of the AP budget Full end to end accounts payable processing & payment Management of prepayments & accruals Complex intercompany reconcililations and recharges Managment of credit card payments Manual invoice coding Job costing Internal & external stakeholder engagement Look at monthly expense analysis The successful candidate will ideally have the following skills and attibutes; Ideally 2+ years full function accounts payable and month end duties Be a strong and decisive communicator Ideally you will a Bachelor of Finance or Accounting Wants to take ownership of the AP function - look & identify process improvement This role is to interview and commence asap. A superb opportunity for a skilled and experienced Accounts Payable Officer/Accounts Assistant who is studying part time and wants to be developed in their accounting career! Please contact Nicola Barrett on 02 8215 1082 for further information or click the Apply Button to submit your resume asap! 
 Financial Control - Director Using your exceptional technical knowledge and understanding of financial accounting and reporting you will be working alongside the business teams, Risk Management Group and wider Financial Management Group by providing financial management and control. In this key leader role, you will work with the Group Financial Controller and Group CFO on key strategic issues. A strong technical accounting knowledge combined with a commercial approach and an autonomous and pro-active nature will ensure your success in this varied role. Your personal drive and resilience will accelerate your personal development working across all sectors and structures. We expect that you will be a fully qualified accountant operating at a senior level in the financial services sector (or in a large corporate). You will have a proven financial control background and experience leading high-calibre finance teams. In return we will commit to ensuring you exceed your personal goals and gain exposure to a range of key business and stakeholders. If you have a passion for Financial Control and the desire to accelerate your personal development in a high performing environment, please apply now. The Financial Management Group provides financial, tax and treasury services to all areas of Macquarie. The Tax Division provides tax technical advisory services and strategic tax analysis to Macquarie's businesses and senior management and ensures Macquarie meets its tax compliance obligations. Find out more about Macquarie careers at www.macquarie.com/careers  Macquarie understands the importance of diversity and inclusion - our long history of success has come from being different. At Macquarie we value the innovation and creativity that diversity of thought brings. The one thing we all have in common is our focus on high performance. If you're capable, motivated and can deliver, we want you on our team. We facilitate a range of flexible working arrangements within our teams. Talk to us about what flexibility may be available.   
 RIVERINA LIFT TRUCKS, together with affiliated business RAPIDCLEAN GRIFFITH, is seeking a capable person to deliver timely and authoritative financial and future planning advice to management, to perform a broad range of senior administrative tasks to ensure the ongoing success of both businesses. This position is located at our headquarters in Griffith NSW and if you have solid experience as a qualified Accountant or a Senior Accounts Manager this is an excellent opportunity for you to join our group of companies as we expand and move forward. Overseeing all the financial operations of our businesses, this role reports to our Directors and will demand extensive finance and accounting talent from at least 3-5 years' experience in financial management in a small-to-medium business background. Essential to this role will be the applicant's above-average communication skills, and evidence of an ability to facilitate strong relationships between all the significant members of our team. Primary duties: Financial and compliance reporting Budgeting and forecasting Oversee in-house software programs and network HR management Asset/portfolio maintenance, leasing and finance Budget management and cost initiatives Implement and maintain reporting systems Ensure compliance with WH&S and any other statutory workplace policies Work with and report to senior management. The Position offers: A salary package that appropriately reflects your qualifications, skills and experience. Long term potential to progress in a successful and growth-focused organisation. The autonomy to manage your department and the opportunity to have a critical impact on decision-making at the highest level. Applications addressing the above criteria can be emailed to rcappello@rlt.com.au or mailed to:  Riverina Lift Trucks, 42-46 Wakaden Street, GRIFFITH 2680 
 The Company Our client is a growing, dynamic company with an excellent opportunity for a junior Business Analyst. The business is experiencing rapid expansion and needs a self-starter to join the accounting team! You will begin as a temporary employee with the opportunity for conversion into a full-time position. The Role The Junior Business Analyst is responsible for the preparation of daily, weekly and monthly operational reports, development of new dashboard reports and enhancing existing reports, data extraction and consolidation of data from multiple sources, conducting analysis to support the various divisions within the organisation general analysis as well as preparing ad hoc reports. Your Skills & Experience Minimum 2-3 years experience as a Reporting / Business Analyst in a sales/marketing environment Qualifications Strong Excel skills, proficient in BI Tools (TM1 preferred) Clear and confident communication skills About you You have brilliant time management skills and the motivation to work independently. As a great collaborator you are able to partner with colleagues in related departments. You are very analytical and have excellent problem solving skills. You have a lot of experience with dashboards and KPI reporting. What's on offer? A dynamic and exciting role with exposure to a wide variety of clients. The variety of a role where each day brings fresh challenges and the chance to work on special projects. The support of an impressive, highly energized team. Robert Half Ltd is committed to equal opportunity and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of categories protected under local law 
 Executive Remuneration Analyst At CommBank, we never lose sight of the role we play in other people's financial well-being. Our focus is to help people and businesses move forward, to progress. To make the right financial decisions and achieve their dreams, targets and aspirations. 'People' are one of the key capabilities of the Commonwealth Bank strategy, along with strength, technology and productivity that together enable us to deliver our priority on customer focus. Given the size and scale of the business, and how involved we are in every part of it, the decisions we make have a real impact. Your team and contribution The Performance and Reward team encompasses Group Performance and Reward, Business Unit Remuneration, Group Reward Optimisation and Commonwealth Bank Group Super (the Group's corporate superannuation fund). It aims to assist the business in maximising its return on its greatest investment: our people. Reporting to the Executive Manager, Executive Remuneration & Governance (ERG), you will provide analytical and project support to the ERG and broader Group Performance and Rewards team. Working collaboratively with key stakeholders, your role will focus on supporting the management of Executive remuneration across the Group. What will success look like? Conducting research into market practice, regulatory changes, or preparing data for remuneration disclosures. Contributing to building relationships with the business, HR and Group customers to deliver excellent customer service. Liaising with internal and external advisors to obtain expert advice relating to taxation, legal and accounting arrangements for executive remuneration. Leading the development of relevant tools, processes and templates and contributing and supporting team initiatives that drive continuous improvement. Preparing business cases, employment contracts and deeds of release, using templates provided by Legal, for Executive General Managers (EGMs) across the Group. Supporting the annual remuneration review for the CEO, Group Executives and EGMs. Maintaining a database to track EGM movements, including providing regular EGM movement reports to the Group Executive HR and CEO's office. Supporting key Executive Remuneration and Governance projects. What will help you succeed? Executive Remuneration experience is desirable and not essential for this role Strong analytical skills including an intermediate level of MS Excel. Hold a degree in Human Resources, Finance or a Business related field. An ability to solve problems by working collaboratively with others and the capability to take the lead where appropriate and make sound decisions What we offer you We are inspired. We are led by strong, smart, visionary and highly experienced leaders. Just as they bring fresh approaches and drive to the team, they expect the same of each of us. We offer extensive career opportunities. Given our structure, it's possible to take a secondment or move roles to work in different HR teams with different businesses. There is also the opportunity, should you wish, to build skills, behaviours and knowledge within our specialist teams including HR Strategic Development and Support, Group People Services, Remuneration or Organisation Development teams. 
 Within our Deloitte Private business you have a truly unique opportunity to make an impact that matters, by supporting and influencing business owners and key decision makers within Australia's largest private enterprises, and the families that own them. Our Tasmania team works to navigate our clients' complex financial and family business issues, provide responsive advice and true consultative services as a part of a 1,000+ national team dedicated to serving the private market. About the role Our Deloitte Private business in Tasmania currently has an exciting career opportunity at the Senior Auditor level for Audit professionals to join our vibrant team. The successful individual will collaborate with our clients to provide leading expertise, to assist in growing their businesses, and helping them achieve their commercial and family goals. Outside of your client facing and day to day work, you will also play a pivotal role in shaping the future of our practice. We are looking for leaders of the future, and we want every team member to have the potential to make it to the top. As an organisation we continue to grow faster than our rivals by continually challenging what we do and how we do it. About your experience We imagine you have Big-4 or mid-tier Audit experience and proven success in the local Australian market. Overall we're open-minded about where you've come from, it's all about where you're going! If you have the competencies needed to deliver the best service possible to your clients, and the passion to develop your career and take advantage of endless learning opportunities, then we want to talk with you. An experienced Senior Auditor with prior Auditing exposure, you will also have: Completed or being studying towards your CA qualification and have a Bachelor's Degree in Accounting or a related field You will be a strong team player with a dedicated work ethic A naturally inquisitive mindset and desire to understand your clients overall operations, allowing you to deliver the most impactful outcomes Compelling communication and presentation skills About our team Focused on the creation of value and growth, and recognised as a market leader for innovative programs, our Deloitte Private team is expanding, which has created opportunities for outstanding professionals with a hunger for success. These are fantastic opportunities to join an innovative and supportive team that believes the ability to deliver truly differentiated solutions to our private clients, is based on the collective wisdom and diverse backgrounds of our people. Next Steps If you have questions regarding this role, the Talent Acquisition team is available to have a confidential discussion. The minimum salary requirement for this role will be $62,000 package per annum. Regarding this role you can contact Apolonia Mendel. 
 The Company Are you looking for a stable business that will value your development and growth? We are working with an ASX listed Professional Services business who boast a very high performing team. Located in the hub of Sydney's CBD they are looking for someone to join them as an Assistant Accountant in a role that will be made permanent after 3-6 months with strong performance. In return they will provide supportive management, a great company culture and clearly defined avenues for career progression. The Role In this varied position you will be guaranteed to learn new things and have a varied workload. Reporting directly into the Finance Manager you will perform duties that include: Bank and balance sheet reconciliations, Assisting with month end close, Credit card reconciliations, Assisting with calculations of BAS, FTB and GST, Providing assistance to the AP and AR officers as needed, Other tasks as requested by your manager. Your Profile Commenced studies for CPA/CA is preferred, High levels of accuracy and deadline driven, A clear communicator and a team player, Strong working knowledge of Excel and exposure to an ERP, Excellent work ethic and proactivity. Apply Today Please send your resume by clicking on the apply button. Your application will be assessed within 3 working days. Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. Learn more about our Sydney recruitment services: https://www.roberthalf.com.au/sydney 
Position Description With team fit and culture a priority, the business is seeking a dynamic and motivated Accounts Payable Officer to join their team. Reporting directly to the Financial Controller, the role will include but not be limited to: Cash allocations Cash flow management Group cash flow Processing of invoices Bank reconciliations Coding invoices Acting as a back up to Accounts Payable Ad hoc tasks as required Ideal Candidate Previous experience within Accounts Payable Demonstrated excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to multi-task Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment Ability to prioritise own work, and have excellent time management skills Organisational Profile Our client is a market leading business who are known for their vast range of luxyry products. With a strong commitment to developing a positive culture within the business, this organisation has been able to expand over recent years to become an instantly recognisable business. They boast a high performance culture which rewards success with excellent career opportunities, and offer staff a fun and flexible work environment. How to apply To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Giuliana Bisogni on 9616¦show number or gbisogni@¦show email , quoting Ref No 68572. 
 Global property firm is looking for an Assistant Accountant, recently graduate and 1-2 years experience working in either Transactional Accounting roles or as a Assistant Accountant. This is an exciting opportunity for a driven and self motivated Assistant Accountant who is looking to jump start their career within Accounting and get exposure working for a large company with a global presence. An Assistant Accountant who is enthusiastic and looking to further their skills and experience who will have the confidence to work in a large and dynamic organisation. This is an opportunity to work in a supportive team environment where you will receive mentorship to under go CA / CPA qualifications and progress your career within a large business. Key Responsibilities: Processing high volume of invoices including weekly and monthly payment runs Manage all aspects of accounts payable and accounts receivable Updating journals Liaise with internal & external stakeholders to ensure accurate processing of accounts payable and accounts receivable General ledger account reconciliations Inventory cost accounting Review and reconciliation of supplier and customer statements where required Prepare and reconcile general bank statements and provide input to cash flow forecasts Establish and maintain supplier and customer accounts End of month duties including processing journals, accruals and reconciliations Maintain financial files and records Key Requirements: 2-4 years experience in a similar role either in a transactional or assistant accountant role Exceptional written and verbal communication skills required Must be able to work autonomously to an extend and also as part of a team Posses good organisation skills and ability to work to meet tight deadlines Key Benefits: Southbank location Permanent opportunity Ability to grow and progress your career within the company Mentor-ship for CA/CPA provided To apply please click apply or call Ben Wilkie Smith on 03 8628 2289 for a confidential discussion. 
About the role  An opportunity has arisen for a strong technical all-round Senior Financial Accountant to join a well-established, and respected organisation, who are true leaders within their field, both locally and globally. Taking a hands-on approach, this role will focus on monthly financial statements, including external statutory reporting and Taxation. This role reports to the Financial Controller.  The responsibilities The main duties include: Co-ordination and preparation of statutory reporting. Review and prepare monthly financial statements Prepare monthly board pack Ensure statutory financial and taxation compliance is completed on an ongoing basis. Completion of BAS, PAYG, Payroll Tax, FBT and tax consolidation including Income Tax. Preparation and management of budget templates Cashflow forecasting Review and reconcile various balance sheet accounts such as prepayments, accrued income, accrued expenses, and JV accounts Continuous improvement and streamlining of processes and systems to promote improved control and reporting efficiency. Responsible for finalising month end results. Management of a team of 3 The successful applicant will have Qualified CPA or CA Circa 5 years plus post qualification experience, of which some must be commercial Statutory Accounts preparation in medium or large business Group reporting in a multinational environmental either in a head office or in a subsidiary business. Proven working knowledge of IFRS and GAAP Accounting regulations Hands on experience in complex multicurrency consolidations using appropriate consolidation tools Strong systems skills including MS Excel and preferably Microsoft Dynamics Navision    About the client Well established, our client is listed overseas and is a true leader within their industry. This organisation has and is experiencing growth across all operating divisions. This appointment provides an opportunity to join a vibrant and fast moving business and contribute directly to its continued success on a long term contract role. How to apply To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Leigh Jones on 0437 177 622 or leighjones@sharpandcarter.com.au 
 The Role This is an engaging senior-level opportunity to manage the Management Accounting function within a complex health sector environment. This is an excellent opportunity for a technically astute, progressive finance professional to guide a finance team primarily focusing on the core area of budget, forecasting and analysis of financial performance. The role will be responsible for managing a team of finance professionals and will report into the Director of Finance. This is an extensive leadership role and will provide consistent opportunities to provide commercial advice to the executive team. You will be responsible for, but not limited to, the following duties: Contribute commercial insight as a Finance Business Partner to the Executive Team. Delivery of accurate divisional budgets and forecasts. Manage the delivery of quality, timely and accurate reporting and analysis to key stakeholders on financial and activity performance, financial systems and operating processes. Analyse and advise on efficient and effective financial management practices. Deliver on agreed outcomes as specified in the organisational, business and operational plans to the available budget. Provide advanced direction and support to members of the finance team on policy and operational matters to develop overall staff capability. Actively contribute to developing and maintaining high performance culture within the workplace. Your Profile You will be a CA/CPA qualified finance professional with a proven background in a Finance Manager role. Experience within the Health sector is beneficial. You must be able to demonstrate the highest levels of technical capability from a management accounting perspective, additional to possessing the ability to identify areas of improvement within financial systems and processes. Apply Today Please send your resume by clicking on the apply button or for further information, contact Mitchell Merritt in our Brisbane office on 3039 4202. Learn more about our Brisbane recruitment services: https://www.roberthalf.com.au/recruitment-agency-brisbane 
The Company Based with close proximity to the CBD, our client is fast paced, rapidly growing and reputable organisation in the property and construction sector. With a dynamic and youthful culture, they place emphasis on upskilling and developing their employees careers. With a strong pipeline of future works they are currently looking to expand their finance team.  The Role Reporting to a Senior Accountant, you will work in a close knit and high performing finance team. With an initial focus on Accounts Receivable and Payable, your role will hold the scope for progression and advancement into more complex responsibilities.   With opportunities for professional and personal development, this role would be well suited to an ambitious Assistant Accountant, who is eager to learn and take on new challenges.  Diverse in nature, the role will cover a range of duties.  Key responsibilities will include, but will not be limited to: - Processing accounts receivable and payable in a timely manner - Month-end reporting duties including maintenance of the general ledger - Issue daily group bank balances and monitor cash reserves and cash usage in order to maximise financial return and efficiency - Cash flow reporting - Assisting with GST, FBT, Payroll Tax and WorkCover compliance - Assisting with budgeting and forecasting - Assisting with internal controls - Identifying areas for process improvements - Ad-hoc project work as and when required The Successful Candidate This is a terrific opportunity for a candidate looking to take the next step in their career.  The following will be looked upon favourably:  - Relevant Business degree - Commenced/looking to commence CA or CPA  - Exposure to an accounting package, as well as Microsoft Excel  - First class communication skills, both written and verbal  - Previous experience in a fast paced reputable organisation  - Exposure to construction industry  - A positive attitude and strong work ethic - Ability to work autonomously and within a team environment 
 Sydney Tools is a leading Australian owned business with over 20 locations across Australia. We are currently looking for an experienced and motivated individual to join our growing Finance team as a Credit Control Officer. Good credit management is essential to an organisation's healthy cash flow, and the Credit Control Officer is responsible for managing a book of debtor accounts to ensure timely payment of outstanding invoices. Key Responsibilities This role includes executing the collection of customer accounts in a manner that ensures high customer satisfaction and loyalty. As such, a you must be able to communicate in an efficient yet friendly manner with customers, as well as with internal stakeholders. Key responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Adhering to procedures and policies that ensure timely payments while maintaining a high level of customer retention Reconciling complex accounts that have been escalated Monitoring debtor balances to ensure a reduction in debt Ensuring credit and collection policies and procedures are followed as per Company policy Liaising with customers, as well as internal personnel including the sales team Qualifications and Experience Cert IV or higher qualification in accounting 2-5 years experience in accounting at least 1 year experience in credit control Advance competency in Microsoft office, specifically MS Excel Strong analytical skills and attention to detail Good business acumen for problem solving Competency with accounting software systems Confidence in dealing with a range of stakeholders Excellent time management skills and ability to prioritise a demanding workload Fluency in spoken and written English   If this sound like you, APPLY NOW!   
 QBE Insurance Group is one of the world's top 20 general insurance and reinsurance companies, with operations in all the key insurance markets. We are listed on the Australian Securities Exchange and are headquartered in Sydney. Based in Sydney and reporting to the Group Head of Finance Policy & Assurance, this role will take global accountability for leading the finance controls assurance function.  This includes team management, program delivery, work quality, and stakeholder reporting of the Finance Controls Assurance team (FCA).  Working at QBE, we recognise the value of diversity and inclusion in the workplace and support a range of flexible work arrangements to promote a better family/life/work balance. We offer you a dynamic workplace culture, one that values and leverages the unique ideas, capabilities and experiences you bring irrespective of where you are in the world. We believe this strengthens our ability to deliver on our business goals, particularly as it relates to innovation, growth and our focus on customers. The opportunity The FCA team undertake internal control testing across the global finance function for the purpose of providing controls assurance to Group and Divisional stakeholders on the adequate design, operation and effectiveness of financial accounting and reporting controls.  The role includes the following activities: Provide strategic direction and advice on the finance controls assurance work. Report to key stakeholders, including QBE finance leaders. Raise and report control deficiencies and track the remediation of these with divisional accounting functions. Be accountable for all operational controls testing including program delivery and quality. Work with Risk and Internal Audit teams to ensure an optimised internal control framework and assurance function. Contribute as a key member of the Group Finance team. Strong team management including skills development and career pathways of the team. Continual improvement and innovation. The successful candidate will ideally have the following attributes and experience Strong understanding of risk and internal control concepts, in particular relating to controls assurance processes. Understanding of accounting and audit standards, governance frameworks and risk assessment practices. Understanding of IFRS accounting requirements and financial reporting. Prior industry experience in audit or risk in financial services including  general insurance. Openness to working with different skill levels and cultures and a willingness to travel. Demonstrable high level of people management skills. Strong planning and organisational skills and attention to detail. Positive attitude and energy and a high degree of self-motivation. A high degree of adaptability to work in a complex global environment. Benefits? At QBE, you will be provided with a competitive remuneration structure and benefits, in an environment that offers support, and encourages career development and learning. We offer a range of benefits and discounts including: Paid Parental leave (inclusive of paid superannuation during this time). Secondment opportunities. Employee assistance programme. Paid volunteer leave. Purchased leave. Product discounts. Superannuation matching. Applicants will be required to provide evidence of their eligibility to work in Australia, and at a minimum be required to undertake police and basic credit checks as a condition of employment. For more information, click the APPLY button to submit your details. Applications Close Friday 27 April 2018 
 About the Company Centrepoint Alliance is made up of a leading network of financial advisers. We help build future prosperity for hundreds of thousands of Australians. Our purpose is developing and supporting financial advisers. We do this by providing world class technology, services, education, on the ground training, and integrated compliance monitoring to help our advisers build strong prosperous businesses focused on meeting clients' needs. In doing this, we build a community of like-minded professionals who benefit not just from the services and resources we provide, but from each other and the network we create. Our four divisions: Licensee Solutions, Financial Advice, Lending Solutions and Investment Solutions are integrated. This enables us all to see beyond the reach of our individual businesses and practices to share skills and knowledge and take a wider view of a complex and ever-changing market. About the Role An opportunity has arisen for an Accounts Receivable (AR) Officer to join our friendly and growing team in our Sydney CBD Office.  This role is the perfect for someone who has previous experience in AR, great attention to detail and administrative skills to apply them in a growing financial business. Duties Manage all aspects of the accounts receivable function including system maintenance, debt collection and reporting Investigate and resolve any accounts receivable issues that arise Balance sheet and bank account reconciliations Settlement of intercompany balances Proactively determine opportunities to streamline and/or automate processes Provide support for the half year, interim and year-end audit processes Work co-operatively within a team, exchange information, and assist other team members to achieve team objectives and work outcomes Skills and Experience Extensive and proven experience in a similar Finance role Sound book keeping skills Good knowledge and understanding of key business processes Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written Strong Microsoft skills: Excel, Word, Powerpoint and Outlook Experience of an accounting software package (Sage Accpac used) Attention to detail and pride in delivering consistently accurate work Ability to organize/ prioritise work in and around deadlines, workloads and conflicting priorities; Ability to work under pressure in a fast paced environment. What's on offer Excellent Employee Benefits Program A challenging and meaningful role with performance based incentives Supportive of flexible working arrangements An open, friendly and passionate environment putting our client at the centre of everything that we do Growth cycle of business - investing in technology, people and infrastructure Opportunity to join a well-known Australian ASX listed company Why Join Centrepoint? We support you in developing your career with on-the-job training, paid sponsorship of relevant training and courses and study leave for tertiary qualifications. And we'll help expand your skills through secondments, external seminars, conferences, webinars and memberships. You'll find we offer highly competitive remuneration, an incentive structure with short term rewards, not years in the future and options for salary sacrificing.   Click on the APPLY button to submit your application. Follow our page on LinkedIn to stay up to date with Company news and Career opportunities. * No recruitment agencies please. 
 Etax Accountants is Australia's #1 online tax provider, utilising cutting edge technology in an accounting and tax preparation platform. We are currently seeking Graduate Accountants with an interest in accelerating their career by participating in our award winning Accelerate Graduate Program. The Accelerate Graduate Program is a comprehensive program designed to provide you with the core skills every tax focused accounting graduate needs. You'll gain real time, real life business and tax experience with one of Australia's leading online tax agents. We have a number of short term positions available, in which we would love to see the right candidates grow as professionals and take valuable steps towards their career goals.  Working in a busy and fun environment, with a primary focus on individual tax returns, the successful applicants will share the following responsibilities: The Role:       Review individual tax returns prior to lodgement       Answer client queries regarding taxation via numerous communication mediums, including telephone, web messages and live chat       Ensure peak customer service satisfaction, in quick turn-around time      frames      Adhere to Quality Assurance Your Skills:      Graduate Degree in Accounting      Professional attitude and good communication skills      Reliable and friendly team player      Initiative and drive to succeed      Experience in Individual tax returns, an advantage We offer:      A position within a firm that is widely recognised across Australia in the taxation industry    Hands on tax experience in a fast paced, professional environment    Guaranteed CPD hours to enhance your employability    Deliver knock out service as part of a fun, young and driven team    Direct interaction with clients on the phone, by email and through live online chat  Enhanced interpersonal skills across many areas of the business    Mentoring and coaching from Senior Accountants Hours: We operate 7 days a week with flexible hours available. Most rosters offer 30+ hours per week with a spread of day and night shifts available. This is a casual based position starting 1st of June at our Upper Mount Gravatt head office (across from Westfield Garden City) We want to hear from you! To submit your application, please copy and paste the following URL into your preferred browser and complete our application form. https://etax.peoplehr.net/Pages/JobBoard/Opening.aspx?v=fffe2853-afff-47a9-acc5-912e23544dde For all enquiries please contact Human Resources on (07) 3457 5111. 
 The Australian owned EGR group is a market innovator and leader in manufacturing since 1973. With over 1200 employees, our business is well established domestically and also works with operations internationally in North America, Asia and Europe. The Senior Management Accountant role is to be based at the Southside Head Office.  Reporting to the General Manager you will manage the accounting function with specific responsibility for the following tasks:    maintain and improve the integrity of the standard cost system   analyse production variances against trend and budget reporting weekly and monthly across multiple business units  present performance information to operations managers and engage with them in identifying issues and solutions  oversee project cost accounting for tooling development projects  lead monthly P&L Meetings with the senior management team and divisional managers  create and monitor KPI's for each Division  prepare Budgets/Forecasts across multiple business units  provide accounting/systems support to various stakeholders across the business  contribute to continuous improvement of management information systems and business processes   ad hoc projects including financial modelling and commercial support  assist with other Finance team projects as time allows You are likely to have 5 or more years experience in a manufacturing/standard costing environment, with excellent analytical and systems accounting skills including advanced spread sheeting (MS Excel). You will be CA or CPA qualified (or working towards this). Experience with MFGPro or a similar MRP system would be beneficial. Your personal skills will include problem solving, the ability to communicate at all levels of the organization, and attention to detail. A competitive package commensurate with skills and experience will be negotiated with the successful applicant. This role is a fantastic opportunity for a career accountant with a can do attitude and drive to succeed. You will also have a passion for manufacturing and wanting to develop a long-term career within a multi-faceted international organisation. For more information about EGR Group please visit our website at www.egrgroup.com or Contact Scott Harris on (07)¦show number . To apply please click "apply now". Unfortunately no agency applications will be considered. 
 AKD Softwoods is a successful and integrated forestry products company, growing and manufacturing quality timber products. AKD Softwoods is well recognised for being a progressive company, employing the latest technologies. With a proud history, stable ownership and employing over 600 people, AKD Softwoods are focused on building a culture of continuous improvement and are looking for the 'right' person to join their team. We are offering an exciting opportunity for an astute, self-motivated person to join our team in the newly created position of Site Accountant responsible for financial support for our Yarram and Traralgon Businesses. Reporting directly to the Chief Financial Officer, the role has been developed to provide financial support to both operations using the existing information systems. The role will work closely with site management at both sites and will have regular exposure to the group Executive Team. In this fulltime position there is a expectation that a minimum of three days per week will be worked out of our Yarram Operation. With the additional two flexible across either the Yarram or Traralgon business. The Site Accountant be responsible for tasks including: Budget & Forecast preparation Cashflow forecasting and management KPI analysis and reporting (financial and operational) Capital expenditure evaluation and justification Assist with procurement, supply chain and payroll Assist in database and business system development Ad-hoc analytical assignments to support strategic and tactical decision making   In order to be considered for this role you will: be a driven self starter, who is commercially astute relate well to, and engage with, a variety of stakeholders. have experience in a processing or manufacturing environment (advantageous) be suitably tertiary qualified communicate effectively across the entire organisation is a prerequisite  The role would suit a finance professional with industry experience, seeking a role with a significantly broader scope than your traditional accounting role, or a motivated chartered accountant looking to make the move into industry. Remuneration will be commensurate with experience and organisational fit. If you have commitment, energy and are motivated to make a difference, please apply on seek, or email your resume and cover letter using reference code 'YAC0318' to the below addresses. Applications Close 27th April 2018. Immediate start available. Note: Pre-employment testing may be required.   
 This is an exciting opportunity to join a business that is challenging sector norms and providing the market with leading edge solutions. This business has an ethos of support, honesty and innovation and are seeking a dynamic, positive Accounts Officer, who is able to provide expertise and trust to the finance team and wider business. This organisation is going through a period of exciting development with lots of opportunity for progression. Your responsibilities will include, but are not limited to: processing of invoices, daily bank transactions and concur expenses reconciliation of supplier and bank statements management of outstanding purchase orders supplier queries This role will have you working within an innovative environment where you will be encourage to seek out new and different ways to complete and analyse tasks. Due to the nature of the business and structure of finance, someone with drive and an inquisitive nature would be suited to this position. To be successful for this role you must have a teriary qualification in accounting or business and will have previous experience within a transactional finance role. If you are ready to secure a new role that will offer you development and progression, please apply now or call Nicola Godfrey on (03) 8399 9308.308 for 
 Opportunity to be part of the Executive Team Supportive team environment CPA/CA Qualifications essential Are you an experienced people manager with exceptional technical knowledge across areas of finance and the ability to drive success? An opportunity exists for a Finance Manager to join our Executive Team in managing the finance and administrative functions of Mount Hospital. This is a ˜hands-on' role and it is envisaged that the successful applicant will enjoy the challenges of a diverse yet fulfilling role in an exciting environment that is constantly evolving. This is a unique opportunity for the right person to join the Mount Private Hospital Executive team and contribute directly to the success of the hospital. As a Finance Manager your responsibilities will include: Monthly reporting including P&L reporting Balance sheet reconciliations Capex reporting Preparation of budgets and forecasts Preparation of capital expenditure business cases Analysis of results for various stakeholders across the business, ensuring KPIs are met Involvement in other periodic reporting including stock counts and debtor reviews Managing various projects, both financial and otherwise, providing assistance and advice on cost control and business modelling Working with non-financial managers in helping them to understand and make decisions on the commercial side of their business. Opportunities in business development of the hospitals will be available Preparation of joint venture accounts Supervision of a number of nonclinical departments within the hospital With 224 patient-beds Mount is one of the largest private hospitals in Perth that provides overnight, multi-day and same-day procedures and provides a comprehensive range of services across most adult specialties. Selection Criteria: Demonstrated experience in cost/revenue/profitability analysis Experience in Hospital or Healthcare environment desired Highly knowledgeable across operations or general management functions Previous managerial experience in overseeing the running of a department including staff training, reporting and data analysis Solid team management and conflict management skills Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Advanced computer skills in MS Office (i.e. Outlook, Word, Excel) Applications close: Sunday 29 April 2018 For further enquiries: Claire Byers - General Manager, 08 9483 2803 To Apply: Please click on the 'Apply' button below to be taken to our online application form. Please include a cover letter and your CV along with the contact details of 2 professional referees. 
Dandenong, Full Time, Admin/Accounts Please Quote Reference Number 68096 Previous Accounts Payable experience preferred Excellent organisation and attention to detail essential Join the Booran Motors team in Dandenong At Booran we pride ourselves on the high standard of service we provide to our customers across the dealership. Due to growth we are seeking to appoint an Accounts Payable Clerk to join a busy accounts payable department within an always expanding dealership group. You will be responsible for reconciling accounts, filling in credit applications, preparing payment runs, creating new vendors, and reviewing invoices to ensure that information is properly recorded and gaining appropriate authorisation. Required skills include: Dealership experience preferred with experience in Pentana/ERA DMS Ability to follow process and compliance with company requirements The ability to work autonomously and be self motivated A strong work ethic Strong verbal and written communication Time management, organisation skills and attention to detail While Accounts Payable is the main function of this position, you will also be manning a reception desk located within the showroom, so good phone mannerism and customer greeting skills will also be required. In Return we will offer: A supportive and dynamic team environment. A rewarding career within a well known and respected business. On the job training, support and guidance If you feel you have the ability to excel in this position, please APPLY NOW through our online application form, with your CV and cover letter attached. 
 At Cirrus Accounting we are committed to helping our clients achieve the financial stability and certainty they've always wanted for their business.  We do this by tailoring our outsourced financial services to meet the ever-changing environment their business operates in.  We offer a range of services that you would expect of an in house finance department allowing our staff to work within a range of interesting industries and expand their experience in various areas across our strong portfolio of clients. We are currently seeking a strong commercial Management Accountant/Financial Controller to join our team based in West Gosford.  This role offers flexibility in days worked but ownership of assigned tasks and delivery of deadlines to your assigned clients will be essential.  You should be available for a minimum of 2 days per week with scope to increase this. This role will suit a well rounded financial person from data entry through to preparation of financial management reporting.  This person must not only just prepare the numbers but interpret/understand them and deliver timely value added information to help our clients drive their business forward. Initially this is a back of house position supporting the CFO with responsibilities that may include but will not be limited to: Data entry & reconciliation Using multiple online accounting packages (i.e Xero, MYOB etc) Month-end reporting including budget variance analysis Business Analysis and performance reporting Balance sheet reconciliations General ledger integrity Preparation of BAS Accounts payable / receivable management Payroll Client credit control Working with budgets including forecasting and cash flow Assist with client data entry To be considered for this role, you will have: 2 “ 5 years experience in a similar role An accounting degree Sound understanding of accounting principles Experience working with and creating/manipulating complex excel spreadsheets Experience using cloud software XERO and MYOB accounting software  Excellent time management and organisational skills Highly motivated individual & high level of accuracy Strong written and oral communication skills Your own laptop and current drivers licence To apply for this role, please send your resume to recruitment@cirrusaccounting.com.au including a cover letter outlining your suitability for the role based on the above criteria  
 About the Company Benson Radiology is a successful, growth oriented industry leader in the field of radiology.  It celebrates 60 years of providing imaging services to the South Australian community, remains owned and operated by radiologist partners and has 24 branches with over 500 staff. About the Role Reporting to the General Manager Finance, your responsibilities will include: Overseeing day to day activities of Accounts staff and providing support and assistance to team members Developing and maintaining collaborative working relationships with internal and external customers Managing a timely and accurate accounts receivable service that adheres to the Department's debt collection cycle Contributing to the continuous review of systems and procedures to ensure best practice is established and maintained Desired Skills, Knowledge and Experience The successful candidate will have skills and attributes that include: Certificate III Business Administration or equivalent Previous accounts receivable/banking experience Eagerness to learn, continuously improve and achieve results Ability to interact professionally with patients, customers, and team members Strong organisational and time management skills Effective verbal and written communication skills Medicare experience desirable, but not essential  
 New job working in the CBD as payroll officer paying up to $65k plus super. Your new company This is an opportunity working within employment solutions industry, based close to all public transport links. Your new role This is a newly created role within the payroll team due to expansion. The payroll size is 500 employees weekly using a system Astute. What you'll need to succeed In order to be considered for the role you must have previous experience within payroll, strong communication and the ability to multi-task. What you'll get in return in return you will be part of a growing organisation and the chance to learn a new system, What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to kelly.axon@hays.com.au, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 As a Team Leader Financial Accountant, you will lead, manage and mentor a small group of Financial Specialists. This group includes two senior financial accountants, one junior accountant and one AP. This structure is subject to change.  Key responsibilities:  Ensure that complete, accurate and timely financial reporting is maintained and analysed Co-ordinate global budgeting and forecasting to enable the production of accurate forecast and budgeted global financial results. Ensure any variance or deviations from these budgets and forecasts are reported to the Board and Executive in a timely manner Ensure the annual group audit is completed with no overruns and is compliant with all related Finance and Audit policies Ensure expenditure is managed in line with policies and budgets Regularly liaise with Heads of Department to ensure the Finance Department's strategies and operations are consistent throughout the company's group entities Ensure that regulatory and statutory returns and annual financial statements are completed and submitted on time Oversee the on-going development and evolution of the Finance Department's policies and procedures Ensure that monitoring of the daily trading P&Ls including the reconciliation of trading positions is completed on an accurate and timely basis Ensure that capital calculation and reporting is completed in-line with internal and regulatory requirements Ensure that month-end reconciliation of cash positions and payroll are completed and submitted on time Ensure the month end processes for all entities including intercompany transactions are completed on an accurate and timely basis Requirements CPA/CA Bachelor's in Finance, Accounting or Economics Min 7 years experience in leading a Finance team  Extensive experience in Financial Services  Exposure to accounting practices for financial market products  Working understanding of capital and regulatory reporting requirements as relevant for regulated financial services firms Ability to formulate and present concise and relevant high-end reporting to the Board, Executive and Senior Management Please note this position is based in Bondi Junction.  
The Firm  This is a 4 partner firm located in the picturesque town of Geelong located just a short drive away from Melbourne's CBD. Work in a close knit team where work is sociable and enjoyable with superb training and development opportunities. As this is a larger firm you will have the benefit of working alongside specialists who can assist you in your continued professional development and help you reach your career goals. Their client base comprises of SMEs with turnover averaging around $20-30m located across Victoria.  The Role With the firm growing in size, you will be joining a successful team with big aspirations to continue their growth in the coming years. As a result of this firms rapid and continued growth this role could develop into a Partnership opportunity. Coming in to supervise a team of juniors and act as the main point of contact for clients, you will posses the ability to recognise and react to clients needs on business advisory and tax matters whilst providing a range of value-add services.  Tasks will include:  Working with a diverse, varied client base  Working on multi-million dollar complex accounts  Management of client relationships through visits and regular meetings About You This is a suitable career move for someone with:  3+ years experience in Business Services in an Australian accounting firm  Completed CA or CPA study (or on final module)  Excellent communication skills with a consultative approach to clients needs  Strong interpersonal skills  The ability to build and nurture relationships  Experience in managing a client portfolio and dealing with large corporate entities  Experience managing a team is preferred but not essential Benefits  Work on complex multi-million dollar accounts  Be part of a close knit friendly team working alongside the Partner  Emphasis on career progression with progression to Partner available  6 monthly salary review and performance incentives  Regular internal and external training   Fun and engaging working environment with group activities and social outings  Lower cost of living and cheap housing prices compared to Melbourne  Relaxed lifestyle with beachside location How to apply To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Sam Norris on 03 8640 5420 or email snorris@walkerandersen.com 
 New job as payroll officer for 4 weeks working 4 days a week within the CBD. Your new company Located in the heart of the CBD, working for a membership organisation. Your new role This is short-term 4 week role starting early May to cover annual leave, working 4 days a week for 4 weeks. It is a standalone role using Mircopay and full function payroll. What you'll need to succeed In order to be considered you must have strong Micropay experience and be able to commit for the 4 weeks. What you'll get in return In return you will receive an attractive hourly rate and have ownership over the payroll. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to kelly.axon@hays.com.au, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Do you have a sense of humour and want to have fun while you work? Are you tired of your efforts not being recognised or appreciated? Want career growth without the pressure and strict targets?   This non-traditional practice has a very different approach to managing it's staff in that they encourage fun at work and are all about generating goodwill with both staff and clients.   Due to growth, they are seeking a Senior Accountant to join their dynamic team of professionals and welcome you to be a part of their rewarding and flexible work culture. This is a newly created role.   Overseeing the business affairs of a broad base of clients, they place a huge emphasis on value-add and client relationships and as a result, are rated as one of the best boutique firms in Brisbane.   Key Responsibilities will include: Processing accounts and tax returns for SME's Providing ad-hoc accounting advice to clients Reviewing work of intermediates and juniors Providing value-add services to clients by way of management and financial accounting duties Having fun at work  Laughing at the boss's jokes   Skills & Experience CA/CPA Qualifcation or near completed an advantage but not essential At least 3.5 years' experience in business services Some experience in reviewing work an advantage Strong communication skills A sense of humour and ability to laugh dry jokes off   Why work here? Although they are responsible for managing the affairs of some very large clients, they don't take work life too seriously. Yes, you will have performance expectations and yes, this is still a professional environment, however, that's not to say you can't have fun at the same time. The Partners here want staff to wake up and feel excited about going to work every day and they have specific measures in place to ensure staff are recognised for their efforts and rewarded accordingly. In addition to all the fun, you will experience technical growth and career progression at it's finest.   For more information, contact Yelena on 0450 431 605 or email yelena@pureconsultancy.com.au. 
 The Company We are currently working with a Retail organisation who boast a solid brand and reputation globally. They are conveniently located with easy reach by public transport lines in the outskirts of the CBD. On offer is a 3 month role to cover a period of leave making this role perfect for someone here on a Working Holiday Visa. In return they will give you a dynamic and vibrant company culture with weekly drinks and great work-life balance. The Role In this fast paced position you will work in a team of officers and will perform duties that include: Processing overseas invoices and dealing with foreign currency, High volume processing of staff expense claims, Chasing approvals from managers and dealing with queries, Payment runs as per company policy, Reconciliations and other duties as requested by your manager. Your Profile Proven success in a similar role, Experience with processing staff expenses, Exposure to SAP is highly preferred, High levels of accuracy and a team player. Apply Today Please send your resume by clicking on the apply button. Your application will be assessed within 3 working days. Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. Learn more about our Sydney recruitment services: https://www.roberthalf.com.au/sydney 
#NAME?
 About us: Connecting2Australia (C2A) is a not for profit organisation focused on proactively supporting people with disabilities and from disadvantaged backgrounds to live full and active lives within their community. For further details please visit our website http://connecting2australia.org.au/   About the position: With the rollout of the National Disability Insurance Scheme (NDIS) our accounts receivable and payroll function has expanded significantly. This new full time position is based at our head office in Frankston and we are looking for a highly organised and experienced Accounts Receivable / Payroll person. The successful applicant will also provide reception backup and coverage during breaks and times of leave, and will also be required to provide administration support to the finance and HR areas. This role has a high level of autonomy and responsibility in a team that is both friendly and supportive.   About you: You are mature-minded and confident with strong interpersonal skills and a positive approach to working in a team. You are easily able to demonstrate your ability to invoice in a timely manner and collect overdue accounts. Payroll experience will be very highly regarded as you will be the support / backup for this critical function. Microsoft office and strong PC skills will be important to allow you to understand and use our unique industry specific software package (Based on Dynamics NAV). You will be flexible with a can do attitude to ensure that the team functions smoothly. In return you will be provided with training and support, the opportunity to work for a not for profit organisation working in the disability field, as well as being highly valued as a team member. Does this sound like you? APPLY NOW and be part of something great. APPLICATIONS CLOSE: 10.00 AM 23/04/2018 
 About the business AutoCraze is one of the fastest growing companies in the automotive market in Australia. We're a team of car-loving enthusiasts who have a passion for all things automotive - from 4x4, JDM, Euro and everything in between! About the role Your role as AutoCraze's new Junior Bookkeeper will consist of the following tasks:  Processing invoices; Reconciliation of supplier statements and managing the payment process; Cash flow management, including bank reconciliation and cash flow management; General administration. Benefits and perks What we will offer you: Be part of a young, dedicated and fun team; Excellent staff perks and discounts; Opportunity for career progression with on-going training and development. Skills and experience To be considered for the roles, you must possess the following: Australian Permanent Resident or Citizenship status. Experience in a fast-paced environment (we handle over 1,000 transactions per month). Experience with MYOB. Basic reporting skills. Highly organised and efficient, with proven skills in effective time management. A positive can-do attitude, yet the ability to be firm when required. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Ability to work in a team and autonomously. If this sounds like the position for you, please apply by clicking on the button provided and attach an updated version of your resume with field related experience. Alternatively, please send your resume to kevin@autocraze.com.au 
 The Business Apex Fund Services ("Apex") is one of the world's largest independent fund administration companies with circa $350 billion of assets under administration, 35 offices and over 1,000 employees across the globe. The Position The successful applicants for this position(s) will be responsible for a number of clients in the areas of Net Asset Value (NAV) calculation, Middle Office, shareholder reporting and compliance and will strive to be a single contact point to the portfolio of clients and the investors of the funds. The position(s) also presents an opportunity for good career advancement in the near future. The Role: To ensure timely and accurate NAV calculation on a daily, weekly or monthly basis for Funds Processing of trades via accounting system and custodian systems Processing of fee accruals and cash transactions  Reconciliation of the portfolio from broker/custodian to in-house accounting system Processing of corporate actions Review of asset prices and use of Bloomberg to validate price movements Prepare Financial Statements and liaise with auditors at year end Assisting in preparation of quarterly BAS and annual Tax compliance, distribution statements and liaise with tax experts Responding to client enquiries in a timely and efficient manner Post NAV functions like Investor transactions processing and payment processing  The Skills: Training will be provided for Fund Accountant position - however an audit/accounting background will be an advantage. 1-3 years experience in a similar role incorporating the above functions or in accounting descipline.  An ability to work to and meet agreed deadlines An accountancy qualification e.g degree, CA, CPA would be an advantage. Excellent interpersonal and written communications skills Strong PC skills including Word and Excel (Experience on Paxus or Efront an advantage) To apply for this position, please hit 'Apply' button below or email a copy of your CV and your educational certificates to below email. Apex does not accept applications from agencies or recruiters. For more information on Apex, the above role(s) or for Internship, Graduate and other experienced fund accounting positions in our Sydney and Melbourne offices, please contact HR@apexfunds.com.au or visit our website www.apexfundservices.com 
Bring your energy! APA Group is one of Australia's leading energy infrastructure businesses. As a part of the APA team, you'll join a group of passionate professionals who work safely, and responsibly to deliver Australia's energy. As one of Australia's ASX top 50 organisations we offer career and personal development opportunities, work-life balance, discounts, incentives and wellbeing programs. Best of all, we are a bunch of great people to work with! We now have an exciting opportunity available for a Fixed Assets Accountant to join our Financial Accounting team in Adelaide on a full time fixed term basis for 12 months. Reporting to the Accounting Control Manager, you will play a key role in providing high quality service throughout fixed asset accounting and project ledger control and maintenance. On a day-to-day basis, your responsibilities will include: Ensure month end processing and reporting occurs according to deadlines for both Projects and Fixed Assets Projects ledger control & maintenance Fixed Asset register control & maintenance from both a book and tax perspective Perform GL transactions and reconciliation's Process revaluations through Fixed Asset register as required Develop effective and proactive working relationships with internal customers and stakeholders To excel in this position you will have the following skills, experience, qualifications and attributes: Proven experience in an accounting role with fixed assets exposure Proficient excel skills (mandatory) Accounting systems and process knowledge (mandatory) Experience in Policy and Procedure writing and compliance measurement Accounting to degree level (CPA/CA preferred) An adaptable, analytical and customer focussed attitude   With a strong focus on achieving results, a collaborative working style and a values-based culture, APA offers you a career opportunity like no other! If this sounds like a company and team that you'd like to be a part of we'd love to hear from you! Submit your application (covering letter and CV) by pressing the Apply button below before the closing date of 30 April 2018. Applicants must be eligible to work in Australia to be considered. APA Group is not accepting submissions from recruitment agencies for this role. 
 Pormpuraaw Aboriginal Shire Council is seeking an experienced Finance Officer who will specialise in Creditors, Purchasing & Inventory Systems. This is a Monday to Friday role based in Cairns.   To be successful in this role you will have experience in: Effectively operate the creditors & purchasing systems; Effectively operate the inventory systems; To adhere to Council procurement policy and to protect the integrity of Council processes; Preparation of reports and analysis of data for Finance; To work as an integral member of the Finance Team and assist with motivating, supporting and developing finance processes across Council; Contribute to the Operational objectives of the Finance Department; Working under limited supervision.   Experience in a similar role within Local Government is highly desirable. We are seeking a candidate with a strong work ethic, flexibility, high level communication and computer skills and the ability to work with a diverse workforce. A satisfactory police clearance is required for this role.   To apply please send your cover letter & resume to: hr@pormpuraaw.qld.gov.au Closing date: 5pm, 27 April 2018   
 $95k Package Sydney CBD Management Training This company boasts one of the best cultures in the insolvency industry. You will be hard pressed to find an employer that looks after their employees better then this well established firm. With regular performance reviews, fun and dynamic team, minimal staff turnover and lots of quality work to challenge you, this could be the change you're looking for! With 13 Partners and 100 employees nationally this collaborative environment is growing stronger each year. Specialising mainly in corporate insolvency you will be involved in a fast paced and exciting team from your very first day. The role will keep you engaged and continuously learning, making for a fulfilling career opportunity. Duties: Working on VA's, Deeds of Company Arrangements & Liquidations Exposure to various industries - manufacturing, retail, professional services, logistics Implementing and adding value to clients as well as within your team Supervising a team of 3 juniors Liasing with the Senior Managers and Partners daily Reviewing changes administered/proposed by ASIC, ATO and ARITA and understanding the impact on clients Managing ongoing trading and perfromance of businesses Investigating company's affairs Ideally you will have worked in a similar environment and are looking to build your career to take it to the next level. CA/CPA qualifications are highly regarded and ARITA qualifications would be ideal.  On offer: Work for a well known and reputable brand Progression is performance based, the only limitation is your own effort! Training resources are available to assist in your next phase of your career To apply for this role, please email your resume to Ivar.Alcon@lawsonelliott.com.au quoting reference IV4888 or for additional information phone Ivar Alcon on (02) 8274 0211. 
 Our client, a leading technology company listed on the ASX is looking for an Assistant Accountant to join their team on a permanent basis. This is an exciting period of growth for both the team and the company and you will be offered exceptional exposure to a broad range of accounting issues as well as being given exceptional mentorship and training. The role will focus on all aspects of accounting from one of the global regions, dealing with issues from: accounts payable, preparation of the monthly financial accounts, balance sheet and bank reconciliations, supporting the Finance Manager in the half yearly and annual financial statement preparation. Furthermore you will be responsible for the ongoing monitoring of cash balances and ensuring that surplus cash is invested as per the company policy. You will be degree qualified (Accounting / Commerce / Business) and have part-qualified through either CPA or CA. You will have a solid background in a similar role with strong debit and credit knowledge and reconciliation skills and a high degree of competence in Excel. Experience within Netsuite is preferable but not essential. Moreover, you will have a proactive, can-do attitude, with a highly flexible approach to your day-to-day role, in this fast moving and ever changing environment. To register your interest please submit a Word.doc version of your CV by following the prompts. Using a PDF version is not advised as it may delay the processing of your application. 
 Your new company Our well-established and highly regarded client is based within 15min of the Perth CBD and are seeking a payroll officer for a 2-3 month temporary assignment. Your new role Reporting to the Finance Manager, you will assist with processing the Payroll and be responsible for updating and maintaining employee information, creating records for new employees, entry of payroll information, processing and closing of payroll via Chris21. You will handle Payroll queries, payroll auditing and interpret the relevant Awards and EBA's. You will also perform reconciliations, as well as the review the calculation and lodgement of Superannuation, Payroll Tax, PAYG Tax. What you'll need to succeed You will have significant prior experience in a Payroll position and possess high attention to detail and excellent communication skills. Experience using Chris21 is essential for this position. What you'll get in return In return, you will have the opportunity to work in a friendly and vibrant team environment within a well-established and growing organisation. This is a 2-3 month temporary assignment. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Hannah Kenyon now on 08 9322 5014. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
Position Description With team fit and culture a priority, the business is seeking a dynamic and motivated Credit Officer to join their team on a temporary basis with a view to permanency. Reporting to the Credit Manager, you will be responsible for: Collection calls Following up on outstanding debt Providing high level of customer support Handling telephone account queries - internal/external Allocating and receipting payments Setting up new accounts and invoicing General hoc duties assigned by your Manager Reconciling debtor accounts as well as; Receipting/Banking  Ideal Candidate Previous experience within Credit and Accounts Receivable Demonstrated excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to multi-task Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment Ability to prioritise own work, and have excellent time management skills Additional benefit Flexible working hours Mentorship & career development Fun and dynamic work environment Organisational Profile This diversified business is a successful listed business and highly recognisable brand. Moreover the business promotes goal setting and internal growth to best develop their staff. It has a dynamic, vibrant culture and offers excellent staff benefits and work-life balance. How to Apply To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Giuliana Bisogni on 03 9616 2624, quoting reference number 6267. 
 Seeking an individual with extensive experience in financial accounting and budgeting Attention to detail, but ability to see bigger picture Fixed term, up to 15 months, $93,867 - $113,572 plus super The Business Services Division provides Corrections Victoria Head Office with high quality timely business support services in the area of contract management, finance and accounting, legal advice and services, workforce planning and development and IT support. The Financial Services Branch provides financial, budgetary, and accounting advice to Corrections Victoria and is the main point of contact for liaising with the Corporate Finance area of the department. Reporting to the General Manager, Financial Services, the Senior Budget and Finance Operations Analyst is responsible for leading a small team that manages Corrections Victoria's head office financial accounting functions. The Senior Budget and Finance Operations Analyst, will be responsible for the timely and accurate: preparation of month end information financial reports financial and tax compliance requirements integrity of major contractual financial payments. This role will also undertake a critical role in the implementation of improved and consistent financial accounting operations across all Corrections Victoria business units. The successful applicant will have extensive experience and demonstrated achievement in the development, provision and management of financial accounting related services, and knowledge of accounting procedures in the public sector or other large and complex organisations. A relevant tertiary qualification complemented by professional affiliations with either the Australian Society of Certified Practicing Accountants or the Institute of Chartered Accountants. How to apply Please click the Apply button at the bottom of this advertisement. Applications should include a resume and covering letter. Attachments can be uploaded in .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt or .rtf formats. Please note:  When submitting your application online, there will be questions pertaining to a number of the position's Key Selection Criteria to which you are required to respond. 
 ICC Sydney is a $1.5 billion development that has transformed the Darling Harbour precinct. The project delivered 35,000sqm of internal exhibition space, the largest commercial kitchen in the southern hemisphere, Australia's largest ballroom, an open air event deck, and an 8000 seat entertainment theatre. We are currently looking to recruit a Senior Accountant to play a vital role in our Finance Team. This role is responsible for the day to day management of the accounting functions for ICC Sydney as well as assist the Financial Controller to produce financial and management reports. Responsibilities; Manage the accounts receivable and payable functions, promoting a culture of inclusion, consistency and continuous improvements to help meet the goals of ICC Sydney. Responsible for the timely and accurate completion of all financial reports as well as preparation of budgets and business plans. Responsible for completion of Balance Sheet reconciliations on a monthly basis. Assist departments in achieving their budgets through the development of financial awareness. Manage the financial aspect of financial systems with a view to improve efficiency and automation. Ensure you are up to date with relevant legislation concerning payroll, tax, internal control and compliance. Actively seek this information out, research and advise the relevant team members. Manage the incident reporting process and liaise with insurance company. Assist in scoping and development of other finance systems projects as required. The successful candidate will have; A Bachelor's Degree in accounting or business discipline CPA/ CA certified or working towards qualification Thorough knowledge of accounting principles and procedures as well as relevant legislation e.g. tax and compliance Experience with general ledger functions, finance software applications and month-end/year end close process Proven experience in a similar financial management role and ability to manage, lead and develop a team of accountants Excellent communication and analytical skills Please Note; relevant screening checks will be conducted as part of the recruitment process. These include National Criminal Records and National Police Background Checks, Proof of Identity that meets the 100-point check and may include Working with Children background checks. Shortlisted candidates may also be required to pass a physical assessment as part of the recruitment process. 
 RPS is seeking a qualified Finance Manager to join our team in West Perth.  This role is suited to highly experienced professional, with extensive management accounting and financial accounting experience. The successful candidate will: Lead the analysis of financial results; Ensure accurate and complete results reporting within corporate requirements and processes; Have an effective understanding, analysis and reporting of key metrics Drive process improvements and projects; Be responsible for ensuring high levels of performance across a team of financial specialists. Qualifications Minimum 8 years of progressive financial experience; Current member of a recognised accountancy body; Experience in effectively leading and managing a team; A sound knowledge of Australian Tax Law, Commonwealth commercial law and understanding of working in other counties, including branch accounting; Ability to explain financial concepts and impacts to non-financial managers; International accounting experience and/or experience in Mining/Oil & Gas would be highly regarded. About RPS RPS will provide you with the opportunity to work with some of the most influential and talented leaders in the industry, whilst enjoying the opportunity to broaden your experience in a professional, goal focused working environment, where your contribution will be recognized and rewarded. RPS will provide you with: Access to a range of employee benefits including paid study leave. Flexible working arrangements. A great team with a strong and collaborative working culture. If this role sounds like you, we would love to hear from you! Please apply via the following link: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RPS1/743999668822339-finance-manager 
With funky modern offices set in an outstandingly beautiful location, this long established and highly entrepreneurial business has a rare opening for a Payroll Officer to join their rapidly growing team! They are interested in payroll professionals of all levels, being a strong believer of hiring for attitude and training for skills. All you need is some smarts and bubbly can do personality! Training, mentoring and amazing career progression is on offer - this company is going places!  The position and payroll duties can be as big as you make them - they will develop you as far as your abilities and attitude desires!  Perks & Bens: Incredible modern offices, wonderful location and views Super fun and social bunch with regular events and drinks Emphasis on work/life balance - flexibility and working from home on offer Dynamic mix of staff  Very approachable, friendly and pride themselves on an open door management style Rapidly growing company allowing for lots of career opportunities Competitive salary + bonus Job Deets: Outstanding customer service and enthusiasm required Excellent time management skills The ability to priorities your workload and multi-task Be highly organised/attention to detail Excellent written and verbal communication skills Payroll processing, dealing with multiple clients and customers Termination and redundancy calculations Bank reconciliation / payroll reconciliation Payroll tax reporting and superannuations This is one of the most exciting payroll positions on the market right now so don't delay and hit apply today! For all our payroll opportunities here at Appreciating Payroll, please feel free to contact Peter Allan at peter@appreciating-payroll.com.au / 0452114985 
 The Company This practice currently has over 30 professional staff and 4 Partners, which includes an experienced senior leadership team and a group of driven and passionate accountants and business advisers. Established more than 20 years ago, this firm has a secure client base which continues to grow. They are highly recognised for their depth and knowledge in accounting, tax and the solid advice they provide to their clients. Their client base covers a broad range of industries, including manufacturing, media, advertising and IT, with turnovers ranging up to $100M. You will be working in a team environment with direct contact and mentoring from Senior members of staff and Partners. They have a policy of investing in their staff and continued development of skills, knowledge and experience. You will experience ongoing professional development through diverse experiences, training and educational programs to improve key skills, knowledge and the level of service provided to clients. The Position Your role will include but no be limited too; Preparation of tax returns and financial statements for Companies, Partnerships & Trusts Consulting with clients and assist with preparing taxation advice, restructuring, asset protection and estate planning Be involved with the management of the client relationship About You Hold a relevant degree qualification CA or CPA near completion or desire to start 2 years + experience as a Business Services Accountant Have exposure to dealing with clients Experience using MYOB & XERO Clear communication skills, both written and verbal Enjoy working in a team environment and being part of a collaborative culture If you are interested in this opportunity or would like to discuss your career, please apply below for a confidential discussion. Sam Sweeney 
 Adelaide SA - Full Time CPA, CA or equivalent degree JDE or ERP System Experience CBD location National Pharmacies are looking for an experienced and passionate Finance Support Accountant to join our Finance Team About Us... National Pharmacies is a well known and highly respected South Australian based organisation, which has been caring for the community since 1911. Our network consists of 70 stores in metropolitan and regional South Australia, Victoria and New South Wales, Optical Outlets in SA and VIC. A Distribution Centre further provides enhanced supply chain capability internally and to a broad range of customers. We continue to grow our member base covering over 280,000 individuals and their dependants. Focus is on delivering value to our members and the public through the provision of high quality customer service and by offering a diverse range of products. About The Role... An opportunity has become available for a motivated individual to join this highly recognised, respected and successful business. The role will enable you to fully utilise your current skills, and you will be given the chance to enhance and broaden your capability and learn more about the functioning of a retail business. Reporting to the Finance Operations Manager, the role operates within the Finance Team and is conveniently located in the Adelaide CBD. The role is strongly focused on month end processes, key variance analysis and reporting. As a key member of the Finance team you will be expected to drive improvements in effectiveness and efficiencies in our new ERP system and associated financial processes. Whilst the role is positioned in the Finance team, there will be extensive cross functional work with other key stakeholders across all levels in the organisation, including such teams as the merchandise buying team, procurement team and distribution centre, as well as engagement with external partners. You will be heavily involved in all aspects of the year end process, including statutory reporting, impairment reviews and external audit engagement. You will be accountable for delivering all aspects of tax, working closely with external partners to calculate required quarterly and annual submissions What we are looking for....... CPA, CA or equivalent accounting degree qualification A minimum of 2 years JDE or similar system experience Experience in all aspects of month end processing including fixed assets and tax accounting Proven attention to detail, and a focus on ensuring integrity and accuracy An ability to engage and collaborate with a range of stakeholders within an organisation A history of self enhancement and improvement through proactive learning You will have drive, enthusiasm and a desire to deliver to high standards You will be able to demonstrate strong time management and prioritisation skills and an ability to adapt in a dynamic retail environment. The successful candidate will live our values and have energy and determination to succeed. In return, you will receive a competitive salary and benefits, plus the opportunity to further your development. How to Apply...  Please complete the requested work history & education information on the application page. You are welcome to include any certificates in the education section also as we are not requesting a cover letter or resume at this stage.  Shortlisted applicants may be requested to submit a resume at a later date.  If you are a passionate person who realises the tremendous opportunity that this role offers and want to utilise your skills and passion in the healthcare industry, we want to hear from you! Apply Now! No agencies please 
 Do you want to establish your career in one of Brisbane's top accounting firms?     [ Attractions of the Firm ] 2nd Tier Firm, National Practice, 130 staff in Brisbane  Range of clients from ASX Listed, SMEs and Non-for-profits Staff focused firm that encourages work/life balance: regular social events, breakout/games rooms, exercise events, advanced IT systems, fundraising events etc. On-going training including internal mentoring and external seminars provided   Full support of CA modules including payment of subjects, training material, regular training sessions, mentorship etc.     [ About the Company ]  This is a well-regarded and established Chartered Accounting Firm based in the CBD, that has built an outstanding reputation for the quality of its staff, open environment and innovative business solutions. It provides a range of Accounting, Business Advisory, Insolvency, Forensics and Wealth Management services to HNW, SME businesses and Multi-nationals. The company is continually experiencing growth in both client acquisitions and revenue.    [ The Opportunity ] This opportunity will be suitable for someone who enjoys a role with variety! Reporting to a Business Services/Taxation Manager you will be involved in a range of accounting work for clients including:  Preparation of financial accounts and income tax returns for companies, partnerships, trusts and individuals Tax research and assisting with providing client advice including tax planning, tax minimisation strategies, business restructuring etc.  Responsibility for servicing a range of clients including participation in client meetings to receive and discuss client information, resolving client issues Preparation of journal adjustments for clients' accounts, reconciliations and supporting work papers Demonstrated interest in individual client needs; make recommendations to enhance customer service  Attend external and internal training seminars to develop and maintain personal & professional skills    [ Required Skills & Experience ] We are seeking a motivated, proactive and approachable person who has proven business services and tax experience within an accounting firm. You will ideally also be: Working towards your CA or CPA Completed Bachelor of Commerce Experience within a larger accounting firm is ideal     [ To Apply ] If you are interested in this opportunity APPLY now or contact Richard Erikson for a confidential discussion. Phone: 07 3229 8020 Mobile: 0450 311 804  Email: richard@bentleyrecruitment.com.au 
As the Corporate Tax Advisor, you'll be joining a highly-engaged, tight-knit finance team, led by a driven, collaborative Tax Manager.  This role will be starting as a 12 month Fixed Term Contract. Working closely with the Group Tax Manager, in this role, you will manage the preparation and lodgement of corporate income tax returns, assist with collation of workpapers, manage and ensure compliance with income tax obligations, research and provision of advice to other departments in relation to various tax issues and manage income tax related audits/review by ATO and State Revenue Authorities.   Finally you'll assist the wider accounting team with various aspects of the period-end accounting close, handle preparation of disclosures for statutory financial statements, liaise with the Group's auditors as required and undertake project work to assist with improving finance systems and processes. You are a CA or CPA qualified Australian taxation expert, with experience in tax effect accounting, tax consolidations, FBT and income tax, with exposure to large-scale corporate tax. This role suits someone coming from a mid-tier or Big 4 tax environment, making either a 1st or 2nd move from practice. However a pure commercial tax background will also be considered. Excellent communication skills are a must. For more information, please contact Sara Vanderheld on 07 3854 3804. Or to apply, hit the "apply" button.  
 Escrow.com, owned and operated by Freelancer.com, is the world's leading provider of secure online payments, and a fintech industry leader. We have handled over US$3 Billion in secured transactions, are the recommended high-value settlement service of eBay, GoDaddy, AutoTrader, and the US Government, and have processed some of the largest domain name transfers - including gmail.com, uber.com and twitter.com! We are expanding the team, and looking for a Payments Agent with a background in accounting - ideally with 1-2 years experience in an accounts payable or receivable position. You will manage six, seven and eight-figure transactions on a daily basis, and by ensuring payments are taken and released properly, you will play a critical role in maintaining the security of the platform. Specifically, your duties will involve: Payments in: Reconciling inbound payments with created transactions throughout the day Follow up with customers with payment issues over the phone and via email to ensure full receipt Perform anti-fraud procedures using data provided via our internal reporting systems Payments out: Reviewing completed escrows to ensure that all conditions of release and anti-fraud controls have been satisfied Close out escrows and distribute funds in line with seller's disbursement method Reconcile outbound payments with closed escrows throughout the day Support client enquiries over the phone and via email Although Escrow and Freelancer are separate entities, we very much work as one. So this is an opportunity to join one of Australia's most successful technology startups, at a hugely exciting time in our growth. If this excites you, we want to hear from you! Requirements Accounting related degree 1-2 years experience of an accounting position (bookkeeping, accounts payable or receivable), although excellent graduates will also be considered Willingness to work flexible hours when required Very strong personal and customer service abilities Benefits This won't be a cog-in-the-machine type of job; you will be joining a global technology company that values attitude and capability over experience, so if you are looking to make a difference and be rewarded for your efforts, this is the place for you. We are aiming high, and striving to build two of the biggest sites on the internet, so help us get there while enjoying all the perks of working in tech - fun atmosphere, smart people, awesome office, fully-stocked kitchens, social events, hackathons, your choice of platform, and more! 
Our client is a fast growing international company who partner with many of the worlds biggest Construction & Civil Engineering players to deliver their unique service and product offering. In recent years the business has grown it's international sales by 50%, plus double-digit growth in Australia. Due to this exciting phase, a newly created role for Accounts Payable/ Payroll Officer has just been created.  The Role: Administration of Corporate Credit Cards Performing credit card reconciliations amongst MYOB Month-end credit card statement reconciliation and processing month-end journal Maintain and review credit card applications Provide prompt customer service as applicable to monitoring and reconciling corporate credit cards and expense claims Reviewing and processing of expense claims High volume processing of AP Processing of end to end Payroll for 80 staff weekly The Candidate  A positive can-do attitude A problem-solving mind Customer focused Business acumen Fluent verbal and written communication skills Minimum 3 years Accounts Payable experience Sound experience with end to end payroll   If you are confident you have the skills and experience outlined above, and you are looking for a role which will stretch you but one you ultimately enjoy, I am keen to hear from you. Click "apply" now. 
 CPA accountancy practice is seeking a professional with excellent interpersonal skills to manage their team. We are seeking a self motivated Tax Manager who is committed to excellence and prides themselves in representing their profession to the highest of standards. The successful candidate will work closely with the firm's partner to provide business, taxation and SMSF advice to a wide range of clients (SMEs).  The chance to become a partner in the firm is provided after a qualifying period. Relevant business services/taxation experience is essential. Reporting to the partner, the successful candidate will: - engage in regular discussions with clients. - have the ability to work and control teams to allocate, manage and review tasks. - require excellent interpersonal and analytical skills. - posses outstanding verbal and written communication skills. - display strong computer skills with a sound knowledge of Excel, Handisoft, MYOB, Reckon and Xero. An attractive salary package will be offered to the successful candidate. To apply, please click 'apply for this job' button below.  Only candidates who include a cover letter will be considered. 
 SCA Partners is a Chartered Accountant firm based in Sydney's Hills District with our office in Norwest Business Park. We have a varied client base in the SME sector across a range of industries including construction and not for profits. We have a small, friendly accounting team and a broader office network providing legal and financial planning services. The role: In this role you will work directly with clients, supported where necessary by the Director of the firm to provide business management and advisory services. The successful candidate is ideally CA qualified, and has experience dealing with all aspects of Business Services work.  Specialisation in Tax an added advantage. Ideally you will have managed your own client portfolio previously and have experience mentoring junior staff. Duties of this role include but are not limited to: Provision of taxation and business services including preparation and review of financial statements, tax returns and activity statements for a range of entity types; Management reporting, tax planning and preparation of budget/cashflow for clients; Provide business / tax advice including value add services as required; Identify, research and resolve issues associated with client work; Liaise with clients in a confident and professional manner; Review work and supervise, mentor & delegate work to more junior staff Support the team to achieve business objectives & monthly sales targets Qualifications and Experience: Minimum 5 years' experience in a similar role; A Bachelor Degree in Commerce or equivalent; CA or CPA qualified; Experience working with Sage HandiSoft software; Advanced technical skills (Excel/MYOB/Xero) Have excellent communication, written and problem-solving skills; Strong commitment to quality service and client relationships; Be a highly motivated self-starter; Willingness to support our core values of passion, empathy and accountability; and Be eager to learn, grow and further their career. Salary levels will be commensurate with experience, education and the ability to display exceptional communication skills. If you are interested in applying for this opportunity, please forward a CV with cover letter to info@sca.partners or via the online SEEK application. 
 The Company Our client is a well-known and successful retail group with a presence around the world. This is a highly desirable business to work for and currently they are searching for an Assistant Accountant to join their team. They are based in Moore Park and consider themselves as an organisation which is full of life with a very ˜well oiled' finance function. This role has become available due to the continuing expansion of the organisation and sits within a finance team with a great spirit and attitude. With trendy modern offices, a role offering heaps of variety and supportive senior management, this role represents a unique opportunity.   The Role Join this growing team permanently as an Assistant Accountant. Your role will include performing bank reconciliations, balance sheet reconciliations, journals and assisting in the preparation of management accounts and yearend financial reports. You will be working in a medium sized finance team and report to a supportive Finance Controller. Our client will also provide you with both study leave and financial support for your CPA/CA studies. If you are determined to continue developing your career as an Assistant Accountant and work for a growing company, this is the job for you.    Your Background To be considered for this Assistant Accountant role you will be degree qualified (or beyond, e.g. studying towards CA or CPA) with previous month end accounting experience. This role would suit a candidate with 2 to 3 years of Assistant Accountant level experience who is looking to take the next step up in their career and work in a role that is highly commercial and visible. You must be confident in performing bank reconciliations and balance sheet reconciliations as well as being prepared to travel to Moore Park. It is essential that you are a confident communicator (both written and verbal).   If you are keen to find out more about this Assistant Accountant position, please contact Justin Wong at Richard Lloyd on 02 8324 5646, quoting reference 4161 or click on 'apply now' below. Please submit your CV in Word format and note that due to the high volume of responses we receive only suitable candidates will be contacted. 
The Company Leading Queensland services business requiring an experienced Financial Leader (on a medium / long term contract) to engage across the business, ensuring financial control and best practice is being delivered The Role Reporting into the senior financial leadership team, you will be engaging across different stakeholders, ensuring financial governance, implementation of new policies and controls and both developed, maintained and and best practice adhered to.  This will require a complete understanding of the different stakeholders and their teams, the flow of financial information, and being able to engage with the different stakeholders.  The Candidate You will be a qualified accountant, with a proven background in managing and influencing change in a large complex organisation. You will be used to engaging & influencing experienced stakeholders, have strong project management skills combined with a hands-on attitude. You will have a strong financial control background, ability to deliver results and outcomes and have a high level of motivation, can - do attitude. For more information, please call David McLaren or Ben Wheeler on 0401 623 412.  To apply for this role please follow the apply now button or for a confidential discussion please contact me on the number below 
 National Support Office, Marleston Join the team at Beaumont Tiles! Part time role 3-4 days per week negotiable National company offering career development Flexibility in a dedicated and collaborative work environment   Reporting to the Payroll Manager you will be responsible for processing end to end payroll for our 500+ employees across Australia.   In this fast-paced role, you will be responsible for providing the organisation with exceptional internal service, managing payroll enquiries, problem solving, checking data and reports and working with the Payroll Manager to execute a seamless fortnightly payroll process for the company. You will be accountable for providing support with month end reporting, reconciliation and processing of payroll using Preceda Payroll. YOU¦ You will have a minimum of 3 years' experience working in high volume payroll, have exceptional attention to detail, be focused on meeting deadlines and raising the bar of internal customer service. Your payroll knowledge, calm and professional nature, and sense of passion will ensure your success in this role. THE SKILL SET¦ Min 3 years' experience in high volume payroll Experience with Preceda will be highly regarded Month end reporting and reconciliations Sound understanding of awards, entitlements and incentive calculations High levels of accuracy and attention to detail Experience providing customer service at a high level Excellent written and verbal communication skills THE PERKS¦ Stable role with career development opportunities Flexibility in a dedicated and collaborative work environment   Generous salary to reflect experience Family friendly, flexible working environment THE BEAUMONT TILES STORY Beaumont Tiles is Australia's biggest retailer of tiles and bathroom ware with over 100 outlets across most states. An innovative market leader, Beaumont Tiles buyers travel the globe to bring back the best in tiles, stone and bathroom ware. Beaumont Tiles has company owned and franchised stores servicing trade, home builders and renovators, and the commercial sector.  www.tile.com.au No Recruitment Agencies please IF THIS ROLE IS NOT AN EXACT FIT FOR YOU¦ Register your expressions of interest on our website and we will let you know when we have new positions on the team. Love what you do and work with Beaumont Tiles today! 
 The Organisation This privately owned organisation operates in a competitive market, and has experienced significant growth over recent times.  With offices nationally, they service a number of blue chip clients, and continue to win both long and short term projects.   The Role Reporting to the CEO, you will oversee the finance function and work closely with operations to improve understanding of cost drivers and profitability.  You will be required to take on a number of projects to drive efficiencies across the business, as well as enhance current reporting and analytical tools.  Basic duties will include: Responsibility for overseeing  and mentoring the finance team Monthly, quarterly and annual reporting Compliance and audit function Review of all payroll and statutory taxes Company secretarial duties Insurances Analysis of WIP and project reporting Liaising with operational staff in order to improve their understanding of financial issues Development of systems and processes Supporting the CEO and marketing director with special projects Ad-hoc duties as required   The Requirements You must be CA or CPA qualified with a minimum of 8 years experience in a leadership role.  It is essential that you have a background in a project based environment with a solid understanding of WIP, Billings and associated costs/allocations.  You must have the ability to implement change and improvement.  In addition to this you must have a strong technical accounting background, in order to oversee the general day to day finance function.     
 Full time - 3 month fixed term position Hourly Rate :  $40 + 9.5% super   Reporting to the Financial Controller, this position holds a pivotal role in ensuring that financial information is correctly processed and that potential issues are reported.  The Accounts Officer is responsible for a range of accounting and administrative tasks such as data entry, accounts payable & receivable, managing supplier queries, journals, general ledger functions, weekly bank reconciliations and credit card reconciliations Responsibilities include, Administering the Accounts Payable process including data entry, timely supplier payments, reconciliations and responding to supplier enquiries to ensure expenditure data is captured for financial reporting and budgeting an there is an uninterrupted supply of goods and services. Administering the Accounts Receivable process including data entry, debtor collections, reconciliations and debtor enquiries to ensure operating funders or customers (services provided by way of commercial beam access / guesthouse / events management) are invoiced on time and debt owed is collected to fund the operations.  Administering the banking process including preparation of weekly payments, banking and reconciliations to ensure payments and receipts are processed on time and that up to date banking information is available. Processing purchasing data in the ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system from issuing Purchase Orders to monitor on time delivery.  This involves ensuring that purchase orders authorized within the ERP system are compliant with company policy, are in accordance with specifications of the quote / request and are released and processed on time. Prepare reports including monthly commitments and collating financial information to assist Management with budgets and expenditure information. We are looking for, A self-starter with a high attention to detail and strong organisational and time management skills who will excel in a busy environment, managing competing priorities and producing quality work within tight time constraints. Well developed, effective oral and written communication skills to be able to liaise effectively with people at all levels. Customer relationship skills Intermediate MS Excel and Word skills as well as an accurate data entry speed are also essential. Desirable: Experience working with TechnologyOne  Finance System Qualifications Certificate / Tertiary education in Book Keeping or Accounting  or demonstrated experience in Accounts Payable, Receivables and Administration. Applications close 30 April 2018   
 Ambition are currently recruiting for a Senior Strategy Analyst within a globally recognised and industry leading brand. This role will see you delivering the strategic objectives of executive management throughout the business. You will also be tasked with creating long term plans and overseeing the strategic planning cycle. Key responsibilities: - Turn key findings into actionable business recommendations with strategic goals in mind - Engage with senior stakeholders to support change and ongoing projects - Utilise complex financial models to support recommendations - Design relevant analytical frameworks and source data to conduct required analysis The ideal candidate will have at least 3 years' experience within a top tier/boutique management consultancy or experience in a similar role within a large corporate environment. You will possess a post graduate qualification such as a CA/CFA/MBA and have a proven history of working with executive management, providing relevant analysis to support the strategic decision making. It is vital you possess high level financial modelling skills. In return you will be working in a superb environment with many added benefits including work/life balance, leading office environment, package benefits and clear career development opportunities. For more information please apply. 
  Part Time Position  5 days a week @ 4 hours  Sandringham area A great opportunity exists for an experienced accounts receivable person on a part time basis. This position offers you the opportunity to utilise your credit experience whilst still being surrounded by a supportive small team. You will be allocating payments, completing collection calls, investigating credit issues and completing reconciliation. Your existing credit experience, ability to work independently and exceptional customer service skills will be highly regarded. In addition, the successful applicant will have excellent numeric data entry skills, 2-3 years experience in an accounting/bookkeeping role, good Excel and Outlook skills. To apply for this position, please email your resume and covering letter to accrec@fildes.com.au 
 The Company Our client is a growing organisation in the property and construction space. They are going through exciting change as more projects are in the pipeline for this year. They have a driven and ambitious team and are looking for a like-minded junior accountant to join their team on the city fringe. The Role Our client is looking for someone to nuture and develop into a highly-skilled, well-rounded accountant by giving you exposure to complex accountants and experienced finance professionals. As senior assistant accountant, you will reporting into the Finance Manager and your responsibilities will include: Assisting in end-to-end month end process and financial reporting Reconciliations of the general ledger and balance sheets Preparing tax returns for a number of entities within the group Assist with statutory accounts Any ad-hoc duties as required Your Experience: The ideal candidate will be coming from business services because of your expeirence in tax, trust accounting, and accounting for multiple entities. That includes those making their first move from chartered to industry. As the successful candidate, your background should include: Part of full CA or CPA qualifications Experience in business services with strong taxation skills, or Accounting for 2-3 with in similar industry Strong Excel skills Strong team-centric values and willingness to develop Culture & Benefits: Friendly and sociable team Great open plan and modern offices Growing organisation Close to public transport Surrounded by cafes and places to grab lunch! Click APPLY or alternatively please call Kim Ruddock at TwoScots Recruitment on 03 8624 2506 for a confidential discussion about this opportunity. 
 Be part of a close team supporting this dynamic organisation Full time, on-going position Training and development opportunities within a supportive team environment UnitingCare West is committed to achieving justice, hope and opportunity for all, and works with people and communities so those most in need can belong and thrive.  It is a not-for-profit community services organisation and part of the mission of the Uniting Church in Australia and UnitingCare national network. As a valued member of UnitingCare West's Finance team, you will report to the Team Leader of Transactional Accounting.  You will be responsible for ensuring that the organisation monitors its debt activities in an appropriate manner; with receipts recorded accurately and statements produced in a timely manner.  You will also be responsible for the maintaining and filing of debtor records, cash and cheque banking and any ad hoc financial tasks. As such, it is essential that you have strong attention to detail, the ability to meet deadlines and are able to build strong relationships with internal and external stakeholders. The successful applicant must be able to demonstrate the following: Detailed knowledge of transactional accounting principles and processes (essential). High level of competency with Microsoft Office programs (essential). Familiar with the not for profit sector (preferred). Familiar with TechnologyOne Computer System and processes (preferred). You must have or be able to obtain a current National Police Clearance. It is also desirable to have a current WA class C driver's licence. The role attracts a salary of $61,511 pa plus 5 weeks annual leave with 17.5% loading, generous salary packaging benefits, 9.5% employer superannuation and professional development. For initial enquiries please contact Dilys Ming, Manager of Financial Services on 9355 9082. The position description is available at: http://www.unitingcarewest.org.au/careers/job-vacancies/. Applications are to be made through the SEEK website before 5.00pm, Friday 5 May, 2018 including a covering letter addressing the above criteria and a current CV.   Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are strongly encouraged to apply. UnitingCare West is committed to providing a nurturing environment where all children feel safe, valued and heard.   Your resume will be kept by us for a period of 12 months as part of our internal processes and in line with the National Privacy Provisions.  If you do not wish this to happen, please contact us after the conclusion of the recruitment process.  
 MSP Engineering is a highly successful and expanding EPC provider specializing in resource development, including project studies, process design, engineering design, procurement, project management, construction, commissioning and ongoing operational support of mineral processing facilities and associated infrastructure. MSP Engineering is fortunate to be involved with a commodity at the forefront of a technology revolution. MSP Engineering projects will be remembered historically as a turning point in Lithium production in Australia. As the team grows, we are looking for people who are inspired by this and want to join the team as an experienced Payroll/AP Officer. The Payroll/AP Officer is responsible for providing the Finance department with duties relating to payroll management, and accounts payable. Your role: Monthly payroll payment and distribution for all MSP employees. Organising all associated payroll documents and reports - monthly PAYG Instalment Activity Statements and remittance, superannuation remittances and reports, etc. Entering high-volume accounts payable invoices and claim reimbursements into MYOB. Raising and issuing of non-project specific purchase orders. Credit card management. Managing accounts payable payment EFT batches, cheques and remittance advices. Reconciling and managing supplier statements and any related issues. Assisting with the entry of weekly timesheets and creating time billing invoices and reports. What we are looking for: 5+ years' experience with a solid background in accounts payable/receivable, coupled with payroll experience and all related activities. A thorough knowledge and understanding of accounting and financial control processes. Highly proficient in using Microsoft Office, and especially Excel and MYOB. Deadline driven with exposure to a project environment would be advantageous. Strong communication and interpersonal skills with team members. Ability to work through processes with a methodical approach concurrently with attention to detail. High level of integrity and a proactive approach in all job related activities. The position is available for immediate start for the appropriate candidate and engaged on a maximum term contract. If you are interested in the role, please apply via SEEK only. Telephone inquiries cannot be accepted. Only people with current Australian work rights will be considered. No recruitment agency applications will be considered. 
 Part time payroll position, 3 days a week - Southbank location Immediate start, excellent pay rate Part time payroll position, 6 month contract with potential for extension Great Southbank location Our client is a well established educational facility in need of a part time payroll officer. About the role Processing payroll for over 400 staff through Preceda, with full function payroll duties. More specifically this position will be responsible for: Entering new staff into payroll system as required; Preparing pay run (fortnightly); Creating new employee files; Staff file maintenance and updates; Provide accurate and timely month-end reports; Superannuation preparation and data entry; About You Intermediate Excel skills; Experience with Preceda essential Genuine interest to work part time Upbeat and fun attitude Benefits Flexible working hours - 3 days per week Tight-knit culture; Potential for extension For this role, please hit apply now If this role is not for you but you are looking for a role in accounting, payroll, accounts payable or receivable, then please email cheryl.robinson@randstad.com.au or call 07 30313268 
 ABOUT US At Virgin Pulse, we are one team with one dream “ to change businesses and lives for good. That means our people don't just ˜go to work'; they spend each day with like-minded colleagues who have passion and drive and want to deliver on this important promise. We're the largest global provider of employee engagement, health and performance solutions, working with businesses around the world to improve the health and happiness of their employees so their performing at their best.   WHO and WHAT ARE WE LOOKING FOR? We're currently searching for a diligent and down to earth Accounts Receivable Officer to join our expanding business heading into an exciting time of change and growth. This is a 3 month fixed term position, ideally starting immediately. The role will suit someone who has an end-to-end skillset within Accounts Receivable, has ideally had exposure to a multinational environment, enjoys tackling complex challenges and owning their role. Don't expect to be wearing a suit and working in a corporate, process driven environment; do expect to be joining a dynamic, progressive business with a strong reputation, working in a team environment alongside energetic, passionate, hardworking people who love what they do.   WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING: Process the invoices for our Global Challenge event  Liaising with internal staff and external stakeholders Draft and Maintain relevant contracts, deposit invoices and registers Process customer queries concerning vendor setup forms, quotes, purchase orders and invoice changes   THIS ROLE IS PERFECT FOR YOU IF YOU HAVE: 1-2 years Accounts Receivable experience, or an ability to demonstrate that you will be able to learn this process to expert level Ability to create strong relationships with internal and external stakeholders Exposure to large Enterprise system i.e. Netsuite / Oracle / SAP / Microsoft Office Proven ability to work to tight deadlines Highly organised with strong attention to detail and time management skills  Understanding of multicurrency   YOU WILL ALSO: Be proactive and highly motivated Not be afraid to go above and beyond to deliver results Have great work ethic and willingness to get involved in a variety of tasks Possess a good sense of humour and fun Work well as part of a team, with a range of people Embrace the ethos of Virgin Pulse through personal commitment to health and wellbeing   SOUND LIKE YOU? If you're excited by this and the idea of working in a high-performing, fun, innovative and fast-paced workplace that promotes a healthy, balanced lifestyle, then get in touch! To apply, please send your CV and a cover letter telling us a bit more about yourself! 
Our client is a rapidly growing Australian success story. To assist in better positioning the business for further growth, a new position has been created for a Commercial Pricing Analyst to join this dynamic company in a permanent capacity. This is a great opportunity to work closely with the senior leadership team and springboard your career in a highly influential and visible role.   As a Commercial Analyst in the Pricing team you will join a fun, highly collaborative environment where your core responsibility will be to support the development of effective pricing strategies and structures that optimise revenue. This is a fantastic opportunity to join an award-winning and diverse business who can offer plenty of variety as well as scope to develop professionally.   Key responsibilities include but not limited to: Conduct key pricing analysis and assessments, including collaborating with key counterparts in sales, marketing, finance and supply chain to jointly develop an account penetration and profit optimization strategy, for each business opportunity. Responsible for price positioning analysis, including collection of competitive intelligence, development of value proposition and recommendations for price level Ensuring consistent pricing strategies across all customer segments to mitigate conflict and margin risk Driving the pricing strategy with analytics and support the rest of the business with customer insights Supporting key customer strategies and arrangements through appropriate pricing, rebate and credit arrangements The ideal candidate will have experience in: Financial analysis and reporting Data analytics, modelling, forecasting and optimisation tools Strong commercial acumen and can think strategically Able to work autonomously with a flexible and adaptable approach Excellent communication and time management CA/CPA qualification (ideal) Please click the 'Apply Now' button below and attach Resume in word format. To successfully apply for this role, you must be eligible to work in Australia. 
 About us At Criterion Conferences we are passionate about connecting people of influence to solutions through our events. We conduct independent research to develop conferences and workshops addressing key issues across a variety of industries within Australia. We are passionate about what we do and about the people who shape our organisation. Our strong values drive everything that we do; we are bold, agile and courageous with a skilled team who are passionate about quality and our customers. We play hard so we can work hard, and take pride in every aspect of our work. The Role This is a hands on, stand-alone role, reporting to the Managing Director and is a member of the Senior Leadership Team. The Finance Manager is a true business partner and engages with stakeholders across the business with involvement in the direction of day to day operational activities. In addition to this, you will also be responsible for facilitating the planning and execution of strategic initiatives. This role has direct responsibility for the entirety of the Finance department and ensures alignment with overall company strategy and maximises contribution to the achievement of business objectives and goals, such as; Ensure the provision of high-quality financial support for the business including compliance with all legal, statutory, taxation, superannuation, governance and ethical requirements Provision of high level advice to the Managing Director and Senior Leadership Team where required on financial, strategic and operation issues Payroll function- internal Accounts Receivables “ ensuring all sales orders are paid before each conference runs; receipting of invoices on a daily basis Accounts Payables “ ensure all invoices are properly posted to the general ledger. Most invoices should be input via automated AP process and payment of such invoices Budgeting and forecasting and financial analysis Treasury: Actively manage the organisation's cash position Risk compliance Liaison with external professional services providers including external accountants Statutory lodgements and payments Qualifications and skills-Essential; you must enjoy working in a ˜hands-on' role- this is crucial as the role is stand alone and you will be responsible for day to day and strategy CA or CPA qualified, preferably with experience working in practice with SME clients A minimum of 5 years experience in a similar financial management role Detail-oriented with good organizational skills Exceptional communication skills and professionally presented Confident to work with others at all levels A high level of energy, enthusiasm, creativity and drive to succeed Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Excel and intermediate knowledge of other Microsoft Office applications. Experience with Salesforce/Xero would be an advantage Previous experience in the B2B sales/conferencing industry highly advantageous Application process will take place as the right candidate applies: Phone screen Face to face 1st Interview Face to face 2nd Interview References Offer Start date; flexible for the right candidate with a solid handover from the current incumbent to ensure your long-term success. If you meet the above criteria and think this is the opportunity for you, we'd love to hear from you! Please hit the APPLY button to submit your cover letter and CV addressed to Cassie Thomson. 
Are you an experienced Assistant Accountant looking for your next contract role? Are you available to start immediately? Our client is a services provider who is an absolute leader in their field. Having been in the Sydney market for well over 50 years their reputation sees them stand out amongst their competitors.  Due to busy times they are seeking an immediately available Assistant Accountant to step into a crucial contract position. Reporting into the Financial Controller, this initial 3 month contract will see you looking after daily: Bank and general ledger reconciliations  Process month end journals and accruals Month end balance sheet reconciliations Support the accounts receivable/billing processes Monitor unallocated cash Petty cash reconciliations Assist with the preparation of monthly, quarterly and annual reporting Manage fixed assets Complete debtor reporting and cash flow forecasting  Support the Financial Controller and accounts team as required The successful candidate will present with: Minimum 3 years experience in a similar position covering the above listed duties Will have completed their relevant degree and be studying towards their CA or CPA Have exposure to working in a fast paced and at times demanding environment Will have a high work ethic who takes pride in their work and gets the job done Has worked with a large ERP and has Intermediate to Advanced Excel skills Has a high attention to detail with strong time management skills Exceptional communication skills who can multitask and works well in a team  Must be immediately available to start and commit to the length of the contract A car will also be needed for this position If you have the above mentioned skills and attributes, are immediately available and ready to take ownership of this contract please apply now to Marcus Stubbs via the 'Apply Now' link. 
 About the business Total Electrical Control Solutions is an electrical switchboard manufacturer and industrial electrical and automation solution provider. We design and build custom switchboards and deliver turnkey projects across Australia. About the role Perform daily financial transactions of accounts receivable and payable Administer payroll functions Assist with the month-end and financial reports Perform general administration Support management with supplier reconciliation and payments Generate weekly and monthly reports Benefits and perks The successful applicant will join an innovative team dedicated to the delivery of quality switchboards and successful projects. Skills and experience The Successful Applicant As an ideal candidate you will have relevant experience primarily in accounts receivables and accounts payable. Having sufficient MS Office knowledge (in particular MS Excel) is mandatory. You will have a keen eye for detail and figures, enjoy working in a team environment and be able to meet deadlines. You will also have excellent communication skills and interpersonal ability. In this position, your role will be to assist the Management team with their daily duties and tasks. 
As our Senior Financial Analyst (known internally as Financial Planning and Analysis Specialist) you will analyse and interpret Sales, COGS and Trade Related Expenditure data to support key stakeholders to make informed strategic and tactical decisions on all Sales and TRE related investments.  You will be responsible for all TRE related accounting and reporting, including monthly accounting entries, detailed & accurate split of trade spend by sku and by customer and assisting with all TRE related compliance in Global Sales systems.  Additionally you will:  Prepare monthly sales journals ? AR adjustments, bad debts and revenue recognition Prepare monthly P&L reports and forecasts  Become involved in adhoc projects (think NPD and other projects)  Warehouse and Distribution monthly accruals/expenditure To be successful in this role, you will need to be well organised, accustomed to working effectively in demanding environments with competing priorities, with a solid technical base. You will be an excellent communicator with highly developed analytical skills and attention to detail. In addition, you will be able to demonstrate the following: Accounting or Finance degree (CA or CPA qualification preferred) Minimum 5+ years? experience in a similar role  Experience in FMCG environment with multi-national requirements will be highly advantageous Advanced systems skills, including SAP (ideally) and Excel A bright, positive and proactive approach coupled with the ability to see future opportunities and risks   Process and timeline driven style of working  Ability to build solid stakeholder relationships; true business partnering What we can offer:  Full time permanent role based at Gordon Global organisation with long history that we are proud of and a future we?re excited to be creating  All the coffee (and tea) you can drink!  At JACOBS DOUWE EGBERTS we can offer you the opportunity to join a highly successful global, yet local, coffee company at an exciting time. We are privately owned with big ambitions. We also have the basics covered including an appealing remuneration and a suite of benefits, some of which may include: Employee Assistance Program, gym membership discounts, wellbeing programs, free products, additional leave for you to volunteer or move house, paid parental leave, additional superannuation options, access to professional training and facilities, rewards and recognition programs, option to purchase additional leave, summer hours and so much more! We are proud of our collaborative company culture and operate with a team of dedicated professional individuals who share the company strategy and vision. We are an equal opportunity employer and believe that Diversity; whether that be gender, cultural or generational diversity enhances our workplaces. Shortlisted candidates may be required to undertake pre-employment medical and background screening including reference checks.  If you fit the above description apply online today, or contact Ali Barfoot, Talent Acquisition Manager on +61 2 9551 3423 if you have any questions. To learn more about what it?s like to work within JACOBS DOUWE EGBERTS please click here: https://www.jacobsdouweegberts.com/careers/The-Associate-Experience/ or check us out here: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDCEpVtyAAOVrSZ-iYvkOdA 
 About the Role This position presents an opportunity for an experienced accounts professional to utilise their accounts payable, receivable or accounts administration skills working for a growing fund manager in the financial services sector. You will be responsible for varied accounts processing, reporting and administrative functions specific to the lending portfolio. This role will provide excellent career development within the finance arena, with training and support provided from a highly experienced team. Duties & Responsibilities Assisting with the calculation of loan repayment details, ensuring payout figures are correct and investors receive correct entitlements Managing the calculation of payments, interest and fees for settlement Preparing and distributing monthly statements and invoices to borrowers Updating and maintaining weekly lending figures for reporting Processing payments to borrowers and preparing instructions for payment to the Trust Company Assisting with monthly and quarterly management reports Administering securities and insurance registers Providing support with BAS returns Working with the finance team across end of month reporting processes Skills & Experience required This role will suit an individual with a background in accounts payable and receivable, accounts administration, bookkeeping or lending processing roles. Experience working with financial data, administering accounts and payments and monthly reporting is required. Intermediate to advanced skills in Microsoft Excel Corporate presentation and professional communication skills are essential A high level of accuracy and attention to detail is required You will be a true team player and the type of individual where no task is too big or too small Benefits & Culture The opportunity to join an established company which continues to experience extensive growth This is a newly created role which you will have the scope to make your own and develop as you establish yourself within the business You will enjoy working in an open and social office culture with regular staff activities and performance-based bonuses Genuine work life balance will be provided working 8.30am -5.00pm Monday to Friday (limited to no overtime requirements) This organisation is located in the heart of the City close to public transport, shops, cafes and restaurants Finally, we have had the pleasure of working with this client for many years. They have extremely low staff turnover and we always receive excellent feedback from our placed candidates. About the Company This organisation is one of Australia's fastest growing boutique fund managers. Their business provides a diverse suite of investment offerings including managed investment funds, lending, property management and developments and acquisitions. Click on the APPLY button, or contact Talisha Lynn on 07 3846 7730 
 As Finance Business Partner you will provide expert financial assistance to a range of internal stakeholders through the financial life cycle of budgeting, forecasting, monthly reporting, performance analysis & investigation and provision of advice on adhering to budget requirements. Client Details Our client operates as one of Australia's longest standing medical research institutes, committed to contributing to knowledge growth, prevention and treatment of diseases such as cancer, infectious diseases and immune disorders. Description Prepare annual budgets and regular forecasts for various business divisions ï‚· Prepare financial reports on financial performance and grant revenues and expenses to divisional management, including forecast positions. Provide Analysis of the financial components of grant agreements and contracts to determine financial reporting requirements and Conduct regular monthly meetings with division coordinators and management to elucidate financial results and grant surplus/deficits, investigate variances and instigate any required corrective actionsï‚· Coordinate raising of invoices for grants and contracts in a timely manner Prepare analytical commentaries on business and financial performance of assigned portfolios. Profile Business partnering - Successful track record as a finance partner to business stakeholders. Demonstrated achievement in: budget development and planning, forecasting; performance monitoring and reporting. Big Four background and experience in The Not For Profit sector highly desirable Reporting and Analysis - Experience in finance and accounting including financial management/reporting, and business commerciality. Knowledge of government grant processes and reporting requirements; experience in managing and reporting grant revenues and costs. ï‚· High level of competency with MS Excel, and good modelling skills. Qualifications - professional accounting body qualifications (CA/CPA); tertiary degree in accounting and finance. Job Offer Join part of a renowned organisation with a great mission and vision Be challenged and rewarded in this interesting and varied role Be the drive for business improvements and efficiencies Modern, open work offices in a central location Opportunities for learning, and career progression Dynamic, friendly and supportive team Excellent, flexible working culture 
 100% paperless environment Clear progression to Manager Direct mentoring from Partners FutureYou are exclusively partnering with a leading accounting practice in the CBD that pride themselves on their ability to move with the times and embrace new technologies in order to free up the accountants time to provide extra services and more of a personal touch. Description Reporting directly to the two Partners, you will be responsible for the annual compliance work, plus some value-add services, for a portfolio of clients and will be the given the opportunity to progress at your own pace. Your responsibilities will include but not be limited to: Preparation of financial statements, taxation returns, company trusts, individual and self-managed super funds. Preparation of management reports and KPI analysis Assist the Partner with ad-hoc advisory projects Assist with developing client relationships Review work of cadets and provide feedback In addition, you will have exposure to a variety of tax matters including GST, CGT, FBT and Div7. Profile In order to be success full in this role, you must have; CA/CPA qualification 5 + years' experience in an Australian chartered firm Excellent verbal and written communication skills An outgoing, confident nature who will excel in a client facing role A keen desire to be involved in advisory work Clear commitment to the public practice sector To apply for this position, please click the 'Apply Now' button below. For a confidential discussion, please contact Leanne Colwell on 0432 629 574 
 We are seeking to recruit am experienced bookkeeping and payroll person to join our friendly team based in the Brisbane CBD. Clarity Management Group, with offices in Queensland and NSW, is a leading advisor to the hospitality and leisure industry. Clarity Management is now recruiting for an experienced Bookkeeping\Payroll person to join our friendly team in the Brisbane CBD office. We are offering this role for an immediate start on a full time basis. We seek a person with a good work ethic and exemplary integrity.  You will enjoy being busy, responsible, reliable, take initiative in performing your tasks with pride and possess an eye for detail. Your strong bookkeeping and payroll skills will include accounts payable, bank reconciliations and month end reporting. The suitable candidate must have experience with: MYOB and\or Xero cloud based accounting platforms' Payroll, Time and attendance and rostering cloud and database platforms You would have some exposure to the hospitality industry either in bookkeeping, payroll or operations. Clarity uses extensive Cloud based platforms and some experience in these environments is an advantage. The job description includes, but not limited to, accurate and timely processing of: Large volume creditor invoices Creditor payments Bank reconciliations against bank statements F & B Stock management End to end weekly payroll, including maintenance of leave entitlements, payslips, setup of new employees and terminations Employer superannuation contribution obligations Payroll databases of up to 150 employees per client Timely preparation of weekly reporting as well as month end reports Cash flow projections You should have excellent communication skills and a minimum of 3 years demonstrated bookkeeping and payroll experience. The salary package is negotiable for the right candidate.   
 Do you want to establish your career in one of Gold Coast's top accounting firms?     [ Attractions of the Firm ] National Practice, 60 staff on the Gold Coast Range of clients from ASX Listed, SMEs and Non-for-profits Staff focused firm that encourages work/life balance: regular social events, breakout/games rooms, exercise events, advanced IT systems, fundraising events etc. On-going training including internal mentoring and external seminars provided   Full support of CA modules including payment of subjects, training material, regular training sessions, mentorship etc.     [ About the Company ]  This is a well-regarded and established Chartered Accounting firm that has built an outstanding reputation for the quality of its staff, open environment and innovative business solutions. It provides a range of Accounting, Business Advisory, Insolvency, Forensics and Wealth Management services to HNW, SME businesses and Multi-nationals. The company is continually experiencing growth in both client acquisitions and revenue.    [ The Opportunity ] This opportunity will be suitable for someone who enjoys a role with variety! Reporting to a Business Services/Taxation Manager you will be involved in a range of accounting work for clients including:  Preparation of financial accounts and income tax returns for companies, partnerships, trusts and individuals Tax research and assisting with providing client advice including tax planning, tax minimisation strategies, business restructuring etc.  Responsibility for servicing a range of clients including participation in client meetings to receive and discuss client information, resolving client issues Preparation of journal adjustments for clients' accounts, reconciliations and supporting work papers Demonstrated interest in individual client needs; make recommendations to enhance customer service  Attend external and internal training seminars to develop and maintain personal & professional skills    [ Required Skills & Experience ] We are seeking a motivated, proactive and approachable person who has proven business services and tax experience within an accounting firm. You will ideally also be: Working towards or completed your CA or CPA Completed Bachelor of Commerce Experience within a larger accounting firm is ideal     [ To Apply ] If you are interested in this opportunity APPLY now or contact Richard Erikson for a confidential discussion. Phone: 07 3229 8020 Mobile: 0450 311 804  Email: richard@bentleyrecruitment.com.au 
 An opportunity for an immediately available Financial Controller to join an ASX 100 on a 6 month contract Complex ASX listed organisation with a fantastic profile in the Australian market seek to appoint a Financial Controller initially on a 6 month contract with potential of extension. You will be accountable for the delivery of monthly consolidated results and accompanying analysis for the group finance function. Furthermore you will be entrenched in monthly reporting, business proposals, process improvement and ad-hoc work as required. You will partner heavily with a range of internal customers ensuring financial information is presented in a timely and accurate manner. You will contribute to the high performance of the team and strive for excellence. You will be a progressive, talented qualified accountant with strong exposure in a large complex organisation. You will have worked within a similar role with a strong element of business partnering and project management. You will enjoy working under pressure in a high performance environment. Demonstrated experience of managing a small team and proven ability to research commercial and technical accounting issues and partner with key decision makers to achieve sound commercial outcomes will be highly regarded. If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact Maliny Thach or Olivia McConville on 8226 9816 for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Our client is well known for their business along Brisbane's prestigious Eagle Street Pier. They are looking for a part-time experienced Accounts Payable person to join their team between 15-20 hours per week. Client Details The Adecco Group is the world's leading provider of HR Solutions. We deliver recruitment and career services to organisations and individuals across the employment life-cycle. In Australia, Adecco has over 50 years industry experience making us the most qualified provider and leading supplier of casual and permanent staff. Description Matching purchase orders to invoices Accurate data entry of invoices Reconciliation of all creditor statements and follow up missing invoices/credits weekly End of month reporting and reconciliations Administration support to other team members Maintaining strong working relationship with external suppliers Relief reception General administration and ad hoc tasks as required Profile Extensive XERO Experience Intermediate to advanced excel skills Strong data entry skills and analytical ability Minimum of 5 years previous experience High attention to detail Strong work ethic Willing to work extra hours if the need arises Ability to work under pressure while meeting deadlines Job Offer Please apply if you have demonstrated experience. Only shortlisted applicants will be contacted. 
 Company: This large Australian owned property business based in the Eastern Suburbs of Sydney are renown for flexibility of working and a great office environment. This company are growing and opportunities exist for a flexible and dynamic worker who is used to a fast paced environment. Role: This role is initially 6-12 months with an opportunity for an excellent Accounts Payable to prove themselves to become more involved in Financial Accounting. Responsibilities: Capture large payable invoices and cross check to contracts Check and allocate direct deposit payments Supplier statement reconciliations Assessment of CAPEX and professional service invoices to WIP contract Bank and balance sheet reconciliations Process journal entries Preparation of detailed construction cost analysis Producing WIP and various reports Skills and experience: Minimum 4 years' experience in Accounts Payable i CA or CPA qualified Be able to commute to Edgecliff train station To be considered apply immediately to Melissa 
 Government Department based in Parramatta required an Accounts Officer with all round experience to join them Your new company This large Government department based in Parramatta has a fantastic contract opportunity for an Accounts Officer with strong all round accounting experience using Oracle to join them. Your new role You'll be working within a busy accounts team supporting all areas including Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable and month end reporting. Your role will primarily involve entering invoice information, processing of invoices using Oracle, reconciliations and managing customer queries via telephone and email. You will also be preparing reports for management. What you'll need to succeed You will be able to demonstrate previous experience in a similar all round accounting position as a Bookkeeper / Accounts Officer / Finance Officer / Assistant Accountant or similar and Oracle experience is essential. You will be liaising with customers and internal and external stakeholders daily and therefore strong communication is essential. You will be a proactive and adaptable individual looking for a challenging role. What you'll get in return This is a great role for someone who loves working in a busy environment and will feel satisfaction working towards team dead-lines in an environment which embraces continuous improvement. This role is to start immediately for initially 6 months, but will become long term for a person who shows strong initiative and the will to learn and progress within the team. What you need to do now If you wish to apply for this position please send your most up to date Word Formatted CV to Jessica Kimber Jessica.kimber@hays.com.au quoting the job reference. 
 Its great opportunity to join a reputed international Bank in Sydney CBD. This role will be involve in a range of internal Audit support and report management. Mandarin speaking and writing skills is essential for this role. Ideally we are seeking candidates who have 3 to 4 years Banking industry internal audit experience, possess a high level of professionalism, and who is capable and willing to take ownership of the position and are keen to grow with the role and the company.   The Role: Reporting to the Head of Auditor,  your duties and responsibilities will be part of small growing team which having high visibility though the business and play a pivotal role in independently completing assurance and consulting reviews. You will work closely with business units to add value to their departments. This role is response for internal audit  on system process and risk control, therefore, external auditor experience dose not count.    Your main duties and responsibilities including: Conduct or assist in any review of audit of strategic operational and information technology management systems, applications or programs including but not limited to compliance, risk based, information technology or performance audits in all areas of the bank. Advise on risks, controls that will mitigate those risks, policies, procedures and formulation of advice on improvements to systems and procedures. Provide high quality written reports (both in English and Mandarin) in order to provide recommendations to business units and Head Office. Participate in tripartite meetings with regulators and external auditors when requested. Opportunities to travel inter-states and/or overseas Key Attributes To be successful in this role you will need: Bachelor degree or above. 3+ years working experience in a similar role, preferred in Commercial Banking environment (Foreign bank branch in Australia is acceptable). Excellent report writing skills in both English and Chinese. Sound understanding of Bank middle and Back office process, risks and controls. Working towards (or having completed) a professional qualification such as CA/CPA/CFA. Advanced MS skills (VBA programming would be advantage) Ability to use statistics software such as SPSS, Matlab, SQL etc. Passionate on audit career development. Stable and strong sense of responsibility, Good team player, self motivated, hard working and; Attention to details. Essential for this role: Australian Permanent Resident or Citizen (other Visa are not acceptable) Mandarin skills (Native)   If you believe you match the criteria of this role and want to join this growing company, please apply below. 
 Swan Christian Education Association (SCEA) is a not for profit association that was founded in 1981 by a group of parents seeking a quality Christian education for their children. Across the Association, over 450 dedicated Christian staff support the education of approximately 3,600 students in seven schools across Western Australia. One of our schools is Kalamunda Christian School, which was established in 1984 and is situated in the picturesque hills of Perth.  The School currently has 280 students in Years PK-6 and 30 staff.  Community and curriculum developed within a Christian framework is a major focus at Kalamunda Christian School.  The school has a well-developed Christian education philosophy and programs which aim to promote a strong sense of community and a culture of caring relationships. The Business Manager will be responsible to the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Principal of Kalamunda Christian School in the area of finance and management accounting, in the monitoring of key performance indicators and in SCEA operating strategies. They will be responsible to the relevant school principal for day to day operations within the school, whilst ensuring system wide approaches are complied with at the school.  This is a fulltime role, but the time will be split between the school as Business Manager and Accountant in the Midland Central office. Reporting relationships Responsible to the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Principal of Kalamunda Christian School. Qualifications Extensive senior accounting experience and must be CA/CPA qualified. A current Working With Children Check and Department of Education and Training Criminal History Clearance will also be required. SCEA is proud to be an employer that takes child protection very seriously. All candidates for roles at SCEA are subject to screening and assessment against child safety standards as part of our thorough recruitment process. The Selection Process Your online application should consist of: covering letter resume statement addressing each of the selection criteria copy of all qualifications, Online Applications must be received by 5.00pm 30 April 2018. Only online applications will be accepted. SCEA reserves the right to appoint this position prior to the application closing date, or by invitation. For any further queries, please contact the CFO Mr Rowan Joubert at rowan.joubert@scea.wa.edu.au or phone (08) 9274 6411.     
The company My client is a rapidly growing manufacturer and distributor who supplies to some of the leading brands in Australia across their respective industry. Being within a specialised space my client has found their niche and have some of the best in the industry to guide what has been rapid and continued growth over the past decade.  Staff are of the utmost importance to my client who host regular events for all staff as well as providing avenues for further studies and career development should that be of interest to you. In addition they promote work-life balance and enabling all levels across the business to operate at their peak performance  The role Reporting to the CFO you will manage the month-end closing process as well as the management reporting for the Australian business through leading a team and consolidating three main operating entities. The crux of the role will be to mentor and develop those in the team whilst guiding the strategic direction of the business through effective business partnering.  Having a proven ability to develop and manage a team as well as providing tangible benefits within your previous experience will be key for this role. The right candidate will have a hunger for improving processes, providing commercial guidance and creating succession plans for their staff.  About you CA/CPA qualified Big 4 or top tier chartered experience desirable  Proven experience leading a team Intermediate-Advanced excel skills Examples of adding tangible value Excellent communication and interpersonal skills                                   Don't hesitate to apply! If you are confident you have the skills and personality outlined above I am keen to hear from you. To apply please forward your resume to Michael Furey at Appreciating Talent TODAY using the links below. We look forward to hearing from you.    About us: Appreciating Talent are a team of highly experienced, specialist accounting recruiters with offices in Sydney & Parramatta. We are part of the Appreciating Recruitment Group, along with Appreciating Payroll & Appreciating Office Support. 
 Experience Payroll Officer required for an ASAP start! Your new company National company with large presence in North Queensland region, seeking an additional Payroll Officer for their accounts team due to growth. Your new role Your new position will require you to complete the following duties: Complete end-to-end payroll processing Work collaboratively within a team Extensive use of accounting software Coordinate and oversee payroll across multiple sites What you'll need to succeed In order for you to be successful in this position, you will require: Prior experience in high-volume payroll, 100+ staff Expansive knowledge of accounting software Ability to process manual and front-end payroll Knowledge of entitlements, awards and relevant compliance Prior experience in a payroll position across multiple sites would be highly desirable Positive attitude and ability to work within a team environment Availability for an ASAP start What you'll get in return You will get the opportunity to work for a large, national company in a fast-growing industry. You will have the opportunity to work within a flexible role that allows for sufficient work-life balance. You will receive a competitive salary based on your prior experience. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call our expert in Office Support Felise Johnston on 07 47715100 or email felise.johnston@hays.com.au 
 About the Company We are currently recruiting for an experienced Payroll / Accounts Officer to join a well-established company that has been has been in operation for over 40 years. Joining a leader in the industry this role will see you take your Payroll and Accounts experience to the next level while working on exciting multimillion dollar projects in a challenging and collaborative environment. About the Role This role will enable you to utilise your full function payroll experience within a close-knit, supportive team. Duties Processing weekly and fortnightly payroll Leave calculations including parental, maternity, long service and annual etc. Month end and year end reporting Award and EBA interpretation Assisting with payroll queries and enquiries as required Assisting with general accounting functions Processing invoices Skills and Experience Prior experience in a similar role is essential Exceptional organisation skills with a strong attention to detail Experience dealing with high volume workloads where prioritisation is key Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal A can-do attitude and a friendly personality Package on offer This is an exciting role for the Melbourne market, that will see you joining one of Australia's leading organisations. You will also be rewarded with these exciting benefits: Salary up to $70K package Modern working environment Close to public transport Monday - Friday hours Apply now by clicking APPLY Below or call Alessia on 8624 2515 for a confidential chat about this role and many more. 
 Salary: $105k + Super + up to $30k bonus Location: Premium CBD Offices Role: Best in class training and development; Opportunity to directly influence profitability; Partner with Sales and Marketing The Company This global FMCG business is behind some of most popular brands in the world. This multi-billion dollar organisation is focused on maintaining a culture of high talent and people development and as a result the organization boasts one of the highest retention rates in the industry. The culture is dynamic with the organisation boasting continuous promotion from within. As a market leader within the retail/FMCG space in both Australia and globally, this organisation is ready for the next level of growth and requires a talented Commercial Analyst to join the Australian Finance team. The Job Reporting to the Commercial Manager, this Finance Business Partner will be responsible for partnering with their manager in over seeing and managing the brand income statement within the greater business. On a day to day basis, this Finance Vusiness Partner will work closely with the business in preparing accurate monthly and quarterly budgets along with review of forecast variances. On an on going basis, you will play a key part in assisting the manager with preparing the medium and long term strategy plans for the brands. It will be your role as the Finance Business Partner to build business partnering relationships with various stakeholders as this will assist you in gathering the right data for your analysis as well as giving you the best platform to properly influence the business strategy. Because of this, the successful Finance Business Partner that will accept this role will have to have exceptional rapport building skills and display the ability to internally influence management decision making with their analytical capabilities. The Commercial Analyst will have enormous progression potential within the business both within Australia as well as abroad. With a culture of fostering talent, the business ensures that talented employees are trained both laterally across the business as well as supporting promotions wherever possible. Candidate Profile You are a degree qualified with some experience in a commercial environment in an Accountant or Analyst capacity. Your prior experience with commercial analysis means that you feel comfortable and confident interacting with marketing and operations teams. Your personality is energetic and strong and you have robust influencing skills. This role would suit a high performer that is seeking to enter a tier 1 organisation with excellent training and development as well as career progression opportunities. Apply If this sounds like you, please send your resume by clicking the apply link below addressing Tom Betteridge on quoting reference number TBFBP4018 in the subject line. Please allow for 3 - 5 working days for us to process all the applications. All applicants will receive feedback from us, either via email or a telephone call. 
 Government department requires Accounts Receivable Officer with Oracle to join them ASAP. Your new company This large state Government department based near Parramatta has a fantastic contract opportunity for an Accounts Receivable Officer with experience using Oracle. Your new role You'll be working within a friendly Accounts Receivable team and your role will involve processing accounts receivable invoices accurately, responding to both internal & external customer inquiries on accounts receivable matters and liaison with customers on outstanding debts, un-receipted amounts and providing monthly statements to customers. You will be providing support to the whole Accounts Receivable team ensuring that team targets are met, as well as individual. What you'll need to succeed You will be able to demonstrate previous experience within similar position using Oracle and past experience in full function Accounts Receivable. You will be confident on the telephone and have exceptional communication skills and prior experience liaising with internal and external stakeholders. What you'll get in return This is a great role for someone who loves working in a busy environment and will feel satisfaction working towards team dead-lines in an environment which embraces continuous improvement. This role is to start immediately on an initial contract for 6 months, which is likely to be extended. What you need to do now If you wish to apply for this position please send your most up to date Word Formatted CV to Jessica.kimber@hays.com.au quoting the job reference. This role will need you to be available to start immediately pending references. 
 A fantastic opportunity has arisen for a Customer Resolutions Associate to join the team at a global investment bank. We are seeking a resolution associate with a talent for negotiation to join the Customer Resolutions Team. Reporting to the Customer Resolutions Team Leader, the Customer Resolutions Associate is responsible for facilitating phone based complaint resolution by independently managing a portfolio of complaints. As a member of the Leasing Client Relations team, you will be responsible for independently reviewing and managing the end to end process for a portfolio of customer complaints. We are seeking a resolution associate with a talent for negotiation to join the Customer Resolutions Team. Reporting to the Customer Resolutions Team Leader, the Customer Resolutions Associate is responsible for facilitating phone based complaint resolution by independently managing a portfolio of complaints. You will actively monitor the progress of outstanding accounts and maintain accurate records of account transactions. To be successful in this role, you will be able to demonstrate the following; 1 year experience in complaints handling or similar excellent written and verbal communication skills experience in customer service/relationship building demonstrated experience in dealing with challenging situations and conflicting priorities a working knowledge of all relevant legislation with a proven ability to comply, particularly with NCCP relevant tertiary qualifications in commerce/finance/accounting or relevant disciplines and a genuine interest in building a career in financial services. To apply please click apply or call Lauren Porter on 02 8289 3106 for a confidential discussion. 
 An Accounts Payable Officer role located in Sydney CBD Your new company Based in the heart of Sydney's CBD your new company is easily accessible by Public Transport. This highly thought after Not for Profit Organisation is your opportunity to work for a company that makes a visible difference within the community. Your new role Working within the Finance Team and reporting directly to the Finance Manager your new role will be a full function Accounts Payable Officer. Working in a standalone environment you will however work alongside other team members for various assignments.This role will require speed, accuracy and efficiency as there is a high volume of processing to be worked through. What you'll need to succeed You will need to have a strong knowledge and understanding of the Account Payable function, as well as recent relevant experience within this function. Experience with Microsoft Dynamics Ax is essential for this role.You will need to be extremely organised and precise as well as being time efficient and approachable What you'll get in return Not only will you be receiving an attractive hourly rate, you will be working at a highly thought after and respected organisation. This is a full time role for a 4 week period to cover annual leave. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to ciara.lawler@hays.com.au or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 We are a dynamic accounting firm based in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne. Our culture, work environment and systems are leading edge. You are answerable to the partner of an accounting firm that expects nothing but the best.  You are looking for full-time employment. As an enthusiastic Intermediate Accountant with 3-5 years experience, the following qualities are needed: Degree qualified Enthusiasm for learning. Excellent communication skills, both written and oral. Your attention to detail. A willingness to learn all aspects of our business systems, and knowledge requirements from the Partner.  Remuneration will be commensurate with experience and qualification.  We are supportive of Equal Opportunity. If you feel you have these qualities and have a burning desire to make a difference with us please click on the 'Apply Now' button below. 
  Client diversity - Privates, Corporates & Strategic Markets  Have the support of Big 4 without the narrow tax specialisations  Room for promotion and career development A large mid-tier client is seeking a corporate tax analyst to join their tax division. It's a Chartered Accounting firm with an international name that boasts a close and flexible work culture yet working with some of the largest corporate organisations in the marketplace in order to expose you to complex tax issues. In this role you will get exposure to a range of tax advice and compliance matters to clients in industries including investment, motor vehicle dealerships, mining, property and retail. Areas of tax advice also varies; CGT, FBT, GST, divestments and restructures, corporate acquisitions, international tax and more. Ideal candidate:  Approx 2-5 years experience in Tax   Experience with tax consulting  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills  Ability to grow into a senior/supervisory role in 10-12 months In a firm with constant internal and external training and unlimited resources, it is an environment that is most ideal to develop and consolidate your tax knowledge. For more information or to discuss further call Daniel Van on (02) 8296 5888, alternatively email dvan@hartrec.com.au. 
 This listed business has an established presence in the Property industry, with an extensive portfolio in excess of $10b the organisation is expecting continued growth into the future. The brand is searching for a Financial Analyst or Management Accountant ready to make the first seeking to fast track their career. Reporting directly to the Finance Manager the Financial Analyst will form an in-depth understanding of one of their biggest business units in Victoria. Key Responsibilities: Conduct detailed variance analysis including preparation of budgets and forecasts as required. Provide analysis, management support and critical insight into a portfolio of projects. Communicating financial and performance information throughout the business and driving enhanced financial awareness. Partner with Project Managers and the Finance Manager in all areas of commercial operations. Analysis of trends, ratios and assigned KPI focus Preparation of financial information to ensure the business operates a balanced portfolio of offerings and clients. Comparing actual to budgeted results and providing commentaries to the Finance Manager. Preparation of financial modelling to illustrate the analyses conducted of each assigned business unit. Prepare any ad hoc reporting and analysis for the business in relation to the corporate portfolio Key Requirements Ideally CA Qualified from a Big 4 environment, however candidates with other qualifications will be considered Exposure to a tight month end reporting cycle in a large commercial business, or operating with large clients in a Big 4 environment Exceptional interpersonal skills with the ability to build relationships with stakeholders at all levels Pronto experience The confidence and ambition to grow their career in a fast paced environment Some experience with budgeting and forecasting is desirable but not essential A desire to progress quickly for a fast growing company Have excellent communication and interpersonal skills To apply please click apply or call Ben Wilkie Smith on 03 8628 2289 for a confidential discussion. 
 PURPOSE AND SCOPE Accounting Duties Queensland Support Office. The accounts Clerk is responsible for processing of the weekly chargeback transactions to the Store Retailer through to payment to the supplier, with high accuracy and within the defined weekly timelines . SKILLS AND CAPABILITIES Required Skills: Communication “ verbally and non-verbally expressing ideas in individual and group situations.  Written documents have appropriate organisation, structure, grammar, language and terminology.  Both are always clear, succinct and adjusted to the characteristics and needs of the audience. Relationship Management “ the ability to work within a team environment and across different parts of the business to deliver results in a demanding and challenging environment.  The ability to build effective working relationships with all colleagues. Time Management “ has attention to detail with the ability to set priorities, plan and organize one's own responsibilities and commitments in line with desired business priorities. Personal Capabilities: Interpersonal Style “ positive, energetic, team focused with a strong results orientation.  Able to build the trust and confidence of others through personal credibility. Work Style “ organized with the ability to respond to changes and work flexibly within the business.  A strong proactive approach with a willingness to accept responsibility to resolve issues and deliver quality business results. QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE Knowledge and Experience: Minimum 2 years working in a high volume transaction environment with a high level of data entry accuracy. Computer literacy in Microsoft Office - Excel and Word, exposure to General Accounts. Exposure to ˜Greentree' accounting package would be an advantage, but not essential. Apply now. 
 Permanent position in the beautiful north coast location of Coffs Harbour Work with a team of experienced and passionate payroll professionals Great opportunity to work for an environmentally responsible employer that manages one of our most sustainable natural resources   Forestry Corporation of NSW (FCNSW) is the largest manager of commercial native and plantation forests in NSW. We produce more than 4 million tonnes of renewable timber a year and are a major player in the Australian wood products Industry.  We employ over 22,000 people in NSW and add $2.4 billion a year to the economy.  We are known for our vibrant culture and ability to grow and develop people. With an annual turnover in excess of $300m, we continue maintain year on year growth while playing a key role in the Australian wood products industry. Find out more about Forestry Corporation by going to www.forestrycorporation.nsw.com.au   About the role Forestry Corporation is seeking an ambitious and experienced Payroll professional to work within a small team processing a high-volume payroll. This position is responsible for accurate data input of all Payroll transactions, timesheets and using their exceptional customer service skills to respond to payroll enquiries in an efficient and timely manner.   The successful candidate must have: A sound working knowledge and 2 years+ experience in a payroll support role with demonstrated experience working in a computerised payroll environment. Proficient at data entry (speed and accuracy). Demonstrated working knowledge and experience in processing timesheets Understanding of different award and enterprise agreement environments. Experience in a computerised records management system, preferably TRIM. Proven ability to work effectively in a team environment, manage time effectively and meet deadlines to support and contribute to the achievement of corporate objectives. Well developed oral, written and interpersonal communication skills.   How to apply: Please email your application addressing the selection criteria and resume to jobapplications@fcnsw.com.au.   Closing date: Applications must be received by 30 April 2018   For more information about the role, please contact Debbie Bancroft on (02) 6656 8804   Forestry Corporation is an inclusive workplace which promotes diversity and encourages flexible working arrangements. The successful applicant will be required to undergo a drug and alcohol screening as part of the recruitment process. 
 HR & Payroll Officer , Permanent Job , Onsite Parking Your new company Based in Brisbane's Southern Western Suburbs, our client is a market leader within its field. With a long-standing name in the industry, this company is continuously growing and prides themselves on there excellent work culture with a key focus on connecting their client and customers with streamlined processes. Due to internal movement, our client is seeking an experienced and dedicated HR and Payroll Officer to join their business on a permanent full time basis. Your new role In this role as the HR and Payroll Officer, your key responsibilities will include:- Fortnightly and monthly payroll for approx 100 staff Processing super, tax, annual leave etc High volume processing of time sheets Interpret awards and EBAs EOM Reporting Spread sheeting and general reporting (ie. Leave) Managing timekeeping system Processing letters of offers and contracts Organising medicals, inductions and police checks Supporting and assisting with random employee drug testing Sourcing candidates and organising interviews Assisting with Industrial Relations matters Assisting with the coordination of employee training WHS Other general HR and Payroll duties where required What you'll need to succeed The successful candidate will be professional, personable and committed to the role 110%. You will have previous experience as a Payroll/HR Officer, demonstrated longevity, possess exceptional communication skills and have a high level of attention to detail. What you'll get in return On offer is an exciting career opportunity to work for a well known and recognised organisation in Brisbane's South West. You will receive an attractive salary, excellent working conditions and the opportunity to be part of a dynamic and supportive team. This role is a permanent full time position. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. 
 Business Services Manager job, Wahroonga Location, Close to station, Friendly Colleagues & Environment! Your new company We have an excellent opportunity to join an exciting team who are looking for a Business Services Manager for their 5 partner firm based in Wahroonga. Your new role Exciting role working for this busy chartered firm as a Business Services Manager in their suburban office on Sydney's Upper North Shore. You will report directly to the Partner, working in a friendly family environment. Your daily duties may include, tax advisory and returns, working on multiple entities and a variety of clients from $2 - 40 million in turnover. You will be responsible for taking on groups of entities and working on them from start to finish and building and retaining client strong relationships. What you'll need to succeed In order to succeed in this role, you will need to have strong experience within another accounting firm and be confident on working on multiple entities from start to finish. This firm is open to candidates who unqualified or CA/CPA/IPA qualified. You must have excellent communication and be able to integrate easily into a collaborative team. What you'll get in return You will receive a great salary, the opportunity to work close to home, the opportunity to work reduced hours/part time if needed or full time and a family friendly environment. You will be working in a collaborative team who like to bounce ideas off each other and enjoy an excellent work life balance. Open plan office, close to the train station. For the right candidate, training courses and CA or CPA support will be provided. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Julie Hunter on (02) 80626160 or email julie.hunter@hays.com.au. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position within chartered accounting, please contact me for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Do you have an interest in innovation? Do you have an interest in combining business with science and technology? Proactive personality keen to work in an environment of growth? Able to understand new technical concepts quickly?  What we do at RSM   RSM Australia offers the combined benefits of a big firm including extensive networks, training and career opportunities within a highly supportive, people orientated workplace. This combination provides a great environment to build skills and confidence. We have 30 offices throughout Australia in both metro and regional areas and our global presence spans more than 800 offices in over 120 countries, employing around 43,000 people.   Our Vacation Program   Our Perth office is currently seeking highly motivated students to join our growing group of R&D Tax specialists in our 2018 Vacation Program.   As a member of our R&D Tax Incentives team, you will gain exposure to: Preparing R&D project descriptions; Analysing and preparing R&D costs spreadsheets; Applying R&D Tax Incentives Legislation; and Developing knowledge of various industries that are eligible to claim the R&D Tax Incentive. To be successful, you will possess the following attributes: In your penultimate year of a degree in a technical or financial discipline, preferably with a combination of units across fields that demonstrate an interest in being able to understand the concepts of different technologies and tax/accounting practices. Studies may include Science / Engineering / IT or ICT / Business / Commerce / Finance / Accounting / Tax / Law.   Commitment to providing excellent customer service; and Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Our Vacation Program will give you the opportunity to actively participate in the division, with client exposure and access to the senior leadership team who will help guide, mentor and shape your career.   Working with the best and brightest minds in the business world, RSM will help launch your career by offering:  A one-on-one Buddy on commencement CA registration and support from our Learning and Development team Continuous professional development and mentoring programs Regular social, sporting and charity initiatives  How can you connect with RSM?   To make an application click the "Apply Now" button, complete our short online application form, upload your CV, cover letter and academic transcript.   For technical support with our application form, including assistance with uploading documents, please go to https://app.revelian.com/contact.cfm to access online help.   Note: Applicants must hold Australian or New Zealand Citizenship or Permanent Residency at the time of application. 
 Lead payroll services delivery Strong client facing skills and continuous improvement focus Join a large, diversified organisation About the Role Reporting to the Group Manager, Organisational Support Services, the Team Lead “ Payroll Services is responsible for leading the payroll services team in the delivery of quality, timely, accurate, and efficient delivery of automated and manual payments to staff (2500+ employees) with high levels of client service, and processing support. Other responsibilities include: Payroll compliance and reporting Continuous improvement of work processes and systems. About You To be successful, you will need: At least five years' experience in payroll (or related) services in a supervisory role, preferably in a large organisation Experience using the MYOB PayGlobal system (desirable) Demonstrated continuous improvement focus and problem-solving approach Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with strong client facing skills Proven ability to interpret industrial instruments and policies relating to payroll activity Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel and Outlook) and file storage systems Ability to maintain professionalism and confidentiality of information Relevant experience working in not for profit environment (desirable) The ability to work both autonomously and as a member of a team. Other Information For a candidate brief which includes the position description, please email pd@recruitmentvalue.com.au. The brief is for your benefit to submit an effective application. A competitive remuneration will be offered based on skills and experience with optional salary sacrifice benefits. The position is based next to St John's Cathedral in Ann Street with easily accessible public transport. The successful candidate will need to participate in pre-employment screening including National Police Certificate and Blue Card. Anglican Church of Southern Queensland The Anglican Diocese of Brisbane is one of twenty-three Dioceses that form the Anglican Church of Australia. The Diocese is one of the most broad-based in the country operating 134 parishes, 14 schools, a theological college, and through Anglicare delivering extensive care and support services to Queensland communities. 
 We are currently seeking a vibrant and detail focused Payroll Officer for a 9-month maternity leave cover contract. This role will support the day to day operations of the Payroll and HR functions, preparing bi-weekly and monthly payrolls and handling a variety of HR administrative duties across Australia and New Zealand.  Payroll Responsibilities: Maintaining pay records, employee records, leave records and related information Ensuring all time sheets, payroll changes, records and other related material is processed prior to close of payroll run Processing of ad hoc runs, commissions, terminations, out of cycle reviews, change in employment conditions, internal moves and associated cost centre management Provide ad hoc reports to the business on a weekly and monthly basis (financial, leave and Superannuation) Assisting with the preparation, balancing and reconciliation of the following: payroll tax, group tax, PAYG, superannuation, FBT, annual payment summaries, workers compensation premiums and authorised payroll deductions and End of Financial Year activities Compliance with superannuation funds and management of super contributions for employees (monthly and quarterly) Provide advice and guidance to managers and staff relating to payroll issues Respond to HR related queries and requests and provide assistance Manage HR administration including employee change of terms documentation, maintenance of organisation chart, employee records filing (electronic) etc Assist with scheduling meetings, interviews, HR and Senior Leadership events Assist with ad-hoc HR projects and reporting Key Competencies Required: Knowledge of payroll procedures, legislation, Awards and organisational policies HR administration experience Good communication and interpersonal skills Excellent time management skills Ability to do self-directed work High attention to detail and accuracy Ability to handle a high volume workload in the lead up to pay processing Experience and Education Required: 2+ years' payroll experience Highly Desirable: Experience with ADP  Experience with NZ payroll  If this sounds like you please APPLY NOW! 
 Location: Paddington Roster: 5:2 Residential: Kalgoorlie/Boulder Norton Gold Fields is seeking an experienced and qualified Mine Accountant to join our team at Paddington.  An Employer of Choice with a Clear Growth Strategy, Norton Gold Fields provides career opportunities that benefit you and the local community. Zero Harm, Teamwork, Innovation, Performance Driven, and Efficiency. Reporting to Finance Accounting Superintendent, This position provides timely and accurate accounting processes and functions for the Norton Paddington Operations. Maintain the highest level of support and assistance to the Finance Manager, Finance Superintendent, and Finance team as required. The Key Tasks of the role include: Compile and analyse financial information to prepare financial statements including monthly and quarterly management accounts. Ensure financial records are maintained in compliance with accepted policies and procedures Make sure all financial reporting deadlines are met. Prepare financial management reports. Ensure accurate and timely monthly, quarterly and year end close processes. Establish and monitor the implementation and maintenance of accounting control procedures. Resolve accounting discrepancies and irregularities. Continuous management and support of budget and forecast activities. Develop and maintain financial forecasting and business case modelling across all operation. Evaluate and advise on business operations including revenue and expenditure trends and financial commitments. Collect and analyse financial information for recommending or developing efficient use of resources and procedures.  Provide strategic recommendations and maintain solutions to business and financial problems. Assist with payroll function as required, ensuring the accuracy of transactions and associated provisions. Ensure compliance with relevant laws and regulations and the integrity of financial data. The ideal applicant will have: Accounting degree or equivalent. Charter Accountant (ACA) or Certified Practising Accountant (CPA) qualified (Desirable). Current unrestricted C class Western Australian Drivers Licence. Fluent In English & Mandarin. Senior First Aid Certificate (desirable). Satisfactory NPC clearance. How to Apply Please forward your application to recruitment@padgold.com.au . Please ensure you attach copies of all relevant qualifications/licences to the role you are applying for. Norton Gold Fields Limited promotes diversity in our workforce and encourages all applicants, including women, indigenous and multi-cultural backgrounds to apply. Norton Gold Fields Limited reserves the right to commence recruitment proceedings prior to the closing date, unsolicited CV's from recruitment agencies will not be accepted. Norton Gold Fields Limited (Norton or the Company) is one of Australia's largest domestic gold producers, with annual production of more than 180,000 ounces. The Company has a mining and processing complex in Western Australia's world-class Kalgoorlie gold region. The Paddington Operations has gold ore reserves of 1.03Moz and mineral resources of 6.03Moz and a mine life in excess of ten years, with considerable exploration upside from more than 80 known prospects across its tenement package. The Company is well positioned in growing the business with the strong support from its major shareholder Zijin Mining Group Co., Limited. The Paddington mining and exploration tenement package covers an area of 1000km². It is 100% owned and operated by Norton Gold Fields Limited and is centred around the Paddington Mill which is located 35km north-west of Kalgoorlie, Western Australia. 
 Accounts Receivable Officer - Immediate Start! Your new company An innovative organisation leading the way in engineering projects are now seeking a vibrant and strong person on a temporary contract for 6 months with immediate start. Your new role In your new role as an Accounts Receivable Officer you will be responsible for but not limited to; High volume invoicing preparation Monitoring debt Dealing with interactions and queries from project leaders working towards KPI's What you'll need to succeed To be successful in this role you must have prior experience working in an accounts receivable position. You must have solid written and verbal communication skills, be able to work well under pressure and have the ability to meet stringent deadlines. Vision software experience is desirable but not a must. What you'll get in return In return you will be part of a extremely dynamic, successful company. Not only will it be a permanent contract position but offer an attractive hourly rate. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, call or email erryn.benbow@hays.com.au. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
As the Corporate Tax Advisor, you'll be joining a highly-engaged, tight-knit finance team, led by a driven, collaborative Tax Manager.  This role will be starting as a 12 month Fixed Term Contract. Working closely with the Group Tax Manager, in this role, you will manage the preparation and lodgement of corporate income tax returns, assist with collation of workpapers, manage and ensure compliance with income tax obligations, research and provision of advice to other departments in relation to various tax issues and manage income tax related audits/review by ATO and State Revenue Authorities.   Finally you'll assist the wider accounting team with various aspects of the period-end accounting close, handle preparation of disclosures for statutory financial statements, liaise with the Group's auditors as required and undertake project work to assist with improving finance systems and processes. You are a CA or CPA qualified Australian taxation expert, with experience in tax effect accounting, tax consolidations, FBT and income tax, with exposure to large-scale corporate tax. This role suits someone coming from a mid-tier or Big 4 tax environment, making either a 1st or 2nd move from practice. However a pure commercial tax background will also be considered. Excellent communication skills are a must. For more information, please contact Sara Vanderheld on 07 3854 3804. Or to apply, hit the "apply" button.  
 Do work that matters You will train and develop staff in the department so they can perform their Fund and Investment Accounting duties in a consistent, accurate and professional manner.  This includes identifying development needs, designing and preparing detailed learning materials, conducting training, assessing knowledge and other adhoc tasks. See yourself in our team Your team sits within the Fund Accounting area and services both this department as well as the Investment Accounting team (in Fund Operations). These departments are responsible for the Unit Pricing, Reconciliations, BAS lodgements and other accounting functions relating to many Funds and Options. On any given week you will Develop and design technical, fund/investment accounting related training materials Maintain and update existing training material to reflect business and industry changes Design and run training related to projects and continuous improvement initiatives that impact the business Conduct and facilitate engaging and interactive training. This could be one to one or in small/large groups Provide advice and tailor training taking into account needs of learners and requirements from senior staff or key stakeholders Report, collate and review feedback from customers and stakeholders In all aspects of training, incorporates risk and control fundamentals related to the topic Develop and maintain relationships with staff at all levels throughout the business (including SME's and Department EGM's) ensuring key business partners receive a high level of service Ensure all deadlines are met and quality work is produced We're interested in hearing from people who Experience in an accounting role Solid public speaking and presentation skills Strong verbal and written communication Able to manage risk effectively in their role as well as  by incorporating it into learning content for learners Self-Starter and has a proactive attitude (for example, must be able to do own research to develop learning material) While not essential, a university qualification in a finance related discipline will be highly regarded. At CommBank, we're committed to building a diverse and inclusive workforce reflecting the customers, businesses and communities we serve. As a value's driven organisation, we nurture and support our people; through focussing on skill and talent development, collaboration, flexibility and internal promotion. With service in mind at every touch point, we take accountability for the role we play in securing and enhancing the financial wellbeing of people, businesses and communities. At CommBank you can be you. 
 A leading financial services firm is currently hiring a Finance Manager into their finance team due to continued growth within the business. Reporting into the Financial Controller, The Finance Manager will be responsible for monthly financial control and reporting across the funds management and superannuation business and will lead a small team.. The successful candidate will be a CA/CPA qualified accountant with relevant financial reporting experience within financial services. Big 4 first movers will also be considered Key Responsibilities: Monthly/Quarterly/Yearly Financial Reporting Financial Control function for the businesses supported. Monthly management reporting relating to investments. Process Improvement Projects Ad-hoc projects Provide accounting advise to various stakeholders Key Requirements: CA/CPA Qualified Accounting Experience working within big 4 accounting firm OR 5+ years relevant financial services experience Strong communicator Strong understanding of accounting standards and financial control This is an excellent opportunity to join a global organisation based in Sydney and it will proved the successful candidate with significant career prospects. To apply Please click on the link or contact Tom Clifton for further details on 02 8289 3242. 
 We are looking for a Financial Governance specialist for this short term contract. Ph. Anthony on 62576344 Your new company Due to staff movement a vacancy has arisen in this prestigious government department which requires the services of an APS6 Financial Governance specialist. Your new role The role is financial framework and governance focused and will assist in the development and maintenance of financial policies and procedures. The successful candidate will play a major part in the ongoing review of departmental legislation to ensure it is kept in line with PGPA requirements heading into EOFY/Audit season. Additional tasks will include providing advice to stakeholders in relation to compliance and assisting with the ongoing training and development of staff. What you'll need to succeed We are looking for someone with sound PGPA knowledge. This role would suit someone currently working in government or possibly someone from a Big4 government advisory background who can hit the ground running. What you'll get in return This role will be offered as a 3-6 month hourly rate contract at the APS6. You must be an Australian citizen and will possess or be willing to go through the process to obtain and maintain a (Baseline, NV1 or NV2) personnel security clearance) What you need to do now For more information please contact Anthony Mora on 6257 6344 or anthony.mora@hays.com.au 
 As the Management Accountant you will join the Corporate Finance Team as a senior member providing leadership in the areas of financial and non-financial administration, reporting, analysis and governance. Client Details Our client operates as a business leader in the infrastructure field, having built an enviable reputation and a strong track record of achievement in the engineering and asset management business specialising in the water, irrigation and gas sectors. Description Assist in overseeing the financial performance of the business as well as monitor the respective budgets for business' within the group; Assist business unit managers and project managers in the review of budget expenditure, forecast cost to completion and budgeted costs and margin; Assist in the development of the Annual Budget & reforecasts as required; Project costing and analysis Assist in the calculation of Performance Payments for Financial and Non-Financial Performance; Involvement in financial audits (both internal and external) for all businesses within the group; Preparation and delivery of monthly business unit reports, dashboards and other reports as required; Preparation of accurate and timely management accounts; Provision of accounting support to improve efficiencies and profitability; Profile Bachelor level degree in either Commerce, Business Management or Accounting; 2 to 5 years' experience in a similar function; Experience within the building/construction industry highly desirable Membership with either CA or CPA will be preferable; Driver's license; Advanced Microsoft Excel; Intermediate-Advanced Microsoft Word, PowerPoint & Outlook; Job Offer Great opportunities for career growth Attractive Remuneration On-site Parking Available Brand new modern offices Attractive remuneration Great, supportive team 
 Growing firm, Business Services Manager, Managing team of 4, Strong Business Development Focus, CBD location Your new company This ever-growing one partnered firm is currently looking to recruit a Business Services Manager with strong business development skills to manage a 4 staff team. Your new role Directly reporting to the Partner and constantly looking to acquire new clients; you will be overseeing a team of 4 accountants and assisting team with complex tax matters. More involved in the advisory side than the compliance one, you will be developing your clients portfolio and increase the firm fees. What you'll need to succeed The successful candidate will be either CA or CPA qualified, results driven and passionate about business development. A minimum of 5 years experience in Business Services and some experience in management are crucial. The candidate will have perfect communications skills, attention to detail and a high achiever mindset. What you'll get in return This firm is offering an attractive salary of up to $120k package and great support in training and personal development. Located in the heart of Sydney, their modern offices are very easy to reach by public transport. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to julie.andreolli@hays.com.au, or call Julie Andreolli now on 0282269704. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 About the business and the role We provide exceptional service to our niche client group “ overseas-based businesses with operations in Australia.  At Sheltons we are more than accountants - we work with external consultants and suppliers where necessary and provide tax and legal advice, HR assistance and accounting, administrative and business advisory services. We also have offices in the United Kingdom (London), Denmark (Copenhagen) and Malta. Job tasks and responsibilities We are looking for a career driven, proactive and enthusiastic professional Intermediate/Senior Accountant who wants to develop their skills and grow within our firm. You won't just be exposed to accounting compliance, you will also gain experience in Virtual CFO services.     The role will involve but will not be limited to: Preparation of company tax returns, BAS, GST and FBT returns Monthly accounts management including balance sheet reconciliations, accounts payable, intercompany loan accounts and bank reconciliation Preparation of monthly management reporting Providing various advice to clients ranging from tax, GST, structuring and HR related matters Liaising with clients and maintaining relationships with external stakeholders, such as the ATO and ASIC  Skills and experience The Ideal Candidate: 3-4 years' experience working in an Accounting Firm Australian schooled Completed university degree Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite Analytical mind and exceptional attention to detail  Ambitious & energetic  Ability to work within a small team Service minded  Sound knowledge of income tax, GST and accounting standards Excellent communication and time management skills Preferred but not essential: Worked on international clients Speak another major language  Bookkeeping experience with a professional accounting firm in Australia  Experience with MYOB, Xero or Sage Intermediate to advanced Excel skills Studying towards or qualified CA/CPA Job benefits and perks What we offer: International client exposure Exposure to Virtual CFO work Genuine career development and progression opportunities Professional and fun working environment A very friendly working atmosphere Salary Expectation: Negotiable depending on the level of experience of the candidate.  If this role sounds like you, please submit your cover letter and resume to: Selina Handa Senior Manager S.Handa@SheltonsGroup.com   
The Company Our client is a dynamic and rapidly growing organisation, with a need to take on an Accounts Payable Officer. Based in the fringe of the CBD, they have enjoyed a period of strong growth and now have a need to expand their finance team. The Role Reporting to the Accounts Payable Supervisor, and working in a high performing team, your key tasks will include but not be limited to: - End to end Accounts Payable function - Processing supplier invoices and sub contractor claims - Ensure supplier invoices are matched to purchase orders and sub contractor claims are fully authorised - Handling Accounts Payable queries - Assisting with Payroll as required - Assisting with Accounts Receivable as required - Ad hoc tasks as required The Candidate With strong knowledge of Accounts Payable, you will ideally be able to start immediately. Candidates with notice periods are still encouraged to apply. Ideally you will have worked in an end to end Accounts Payable position within a fast paced and reputable organisation. Systems savvy, you will ideally have exposure to a large ERP system. You will have strong written and oral communication skills and will be capable of partnering effectively with a range of finance and non-finance stakeholders. 
 This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced Payroll Officer to work with a State-Owned Corporation on a contract finishing September 2018. Spinifex Recruiting is looking for a motivated candidate with great attention to detail and a strong customer focus to deliver high quality work by using their previous experience in this role. To be successful you will need: Sound knowledge of HR systems and payroll processes Displays understanding of tax and super rules Great written and verbal communication skills Data Entry experience essential Valid NSW Drivers Licence What's in it for you! This position is a fantastic opportunity for the successful applicant to gain additional industry-based skills and make their experience known within the community. How to apply: If you are interested in this position and fit the above criteria, we would love to see your application! Just click on ˜apply' and submit your current resume with two work referee's listed. Alternatively for a confidential discussion, please contact the Dubbo office on 02 6884 1298 
 Classification: ANU Officer Grade 8 (Administration) Salary package: $95,894 - $102,664 plus 17% superannuation Terms: Full-time, Continuing and 6 month fixed term available Position overview An exciting opportunity exists for a highly motivated and enthusiastic procurement and contract management professional to join the Australian National University's Procurement and Contract Office (UPCO).  The position offers the successful applicant/s the opportunity to manage end-to-end procurement processes to meet the University's current and emergent requirements. To be successful in this role you will require high calibre communication and engagement skills, extensive procurement and contract management experience, a genuine commitment to providing value for money outcomes and the ability to deliver a high quality, customer focused service. For more information on this exciting opportunity please contact the Chief Procurement Officer, Kellie Jess on 0422 187 307 or  kellie.jess@anu.edu.au Closing date: 29 April 2018 Position description:  ANU08 - Procurement Manager - Position Description.doc The University actively encourages applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people. For more information on employment opportunities, contact our Indigenous Employment Consultant on indigenous.employment@anu.edu.au ANU values diversity and inclusion and is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to those of all backgrounds and identities. For more information about staff equity at ANU, visit https://services.anu.edu.au/human-resources/respect-inclusion Application information In order to apply for this role please make sure that you upload the following documents: A statement addressing the selection criteria. A current curriculum vitae (CV) which includes the names and contact details of at least three referees (preferably including a current or previous supervisor). If your CV does not include referees you can complete these online when prompted in the application form. Other documents, if required. Applications which do not address the selection criteria may not be considered for the position. Please note: From this recruitment activity the University is seeking to identify one (1) permanent staff member and one (1) staff member to undertake a six (6) month fixed term appointment.  The successful applicant/s must have rights to live and work in this country and will be required to undergo a National police check. 
 Are you looking for a rewarding career? Forsyths is a large progressive advisory business offering opportunities for motivated accountants looking to challenge themselves. We are committed to excellence and provide ongoing mentoring to help you succeed. Forsyths offers a friendly and flexible workplace with in house training, study support and personalised career development. You must be proficient in the use of Microsoft office and Excel and have excellent communication skills. Experience with Xero accounting software would be highly regarded. We would welcome enquiries and position descriptions are available by request. Please email your application or enquiries to hr@forsyths.com.au 
 Work closely with Partners, Business Services Managers and their team in a rapidly growing multi partner firm Your new company Reputable mid-sized accounting practice based in the inner west. Multi partner firm who advise small and medium sized businesses across Victoria. This firm is known for their highly supportive and friendly working environment, as well as their ongoing career development and progression, where they offer a high degree of training and mentoring. Your new role Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: The preparation of financial statements for Companies, Trusts, and Partnerships. The preparation of tax returns and other statutory returns for Individuals, Companies, Trusts, and Partnerships Identifying, raising and resolving client accounting and business issues with managers and partners. Developing and maintaining relationships with clients and external third parties What you'll need to succeed Qualified applicants will have: Preferably 4+ years' public practice experience Accounting degree and CPA or CA qualified A good understanding of taxation and issues relating to CGT, FBT, Div 7A, Payroll, Workcover and Superannuation Able to prioritise their management of client work Business aptitude and awareness, plus direct client experience Able to manage more junior team members Excellent written and verbal communication skills and the ability to liaise easily with both clients and the team. Good time management and organisational skills, and an attention to detail. What you'll get in return You will receive a competitive salary, working in a highly supportive and friendly environment. You will be provided with ongoing training, as well as the opportunity to develop and progress your career. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Tom Miles on 9604 9517 now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Aurecon brings ideas to life to design a better future. Imagining what is possible, we turn problems into solutions. We provide advisory, design, delivery and asset management services on variety of projects across the globe. We seek to unravel complexity, create clarity and invent new value for clients and we use our unique thinking to provide innovative solutions. To see more, visit http://www.aurecongroup.com/en/thinking.aspx We bring ideas to life by partnering with clients and use our innovation and expertise, with technology, to solve their complex problems.  Our people are empowered to deliver our vision “ fostering human achievement and enhancing communities, in partnership with our clients. Our projects are diverse and recognised for engineering and technical excellence by independent industry awards nationally and internationally. About the role: We now have an opportunity for a highly organised, outgoing and self-motivated Project Financial Accountant to be based in our Adelaide office and support a team of project leaders in a range of project accounting duties.  This position will be offered on a fully flexible arrangement in line with Aurecon's commitment to promoting a diverse & inclusive workforce. What the role will entail: This role will primarily involve: Providing high quality project accounting services to the project leaders within the delivery centre to enable improved project management and financial tracking Drive the billing process and manage project working capital Managing main client account integrity Performing transaction maintenance and job cost reporting Working alongside the other Project Finance Accountant's to share workload assignments utilising virtual teaming Contribute to the ongoing improvement of the Project Financial Accounting function Intermediate computer skills and MS Excel skills are essential. The successful candidate will have previous experience in a similar role preferably within a consulting/engineering background.  A knowledge of BST or another large accounting software packages will be highly advantageous.  What can Aurecon offer you? At Aurecon, we are committed to fostering a culture that empowers our people, encourages sustainability and promotes team work and work life balance. We offer an attractive remuneration package along with the opportunity to work alongside a world class peer group on high profile projects, together with a rewarding career experience within our large and diverse organisation. We support flexible work practices, including generous parental leave provisions, demonstrating an unwavering commitment as an Employer of Choice for Gender Equality.  If this opportunity is something you would be interested in exploring further, please register your interest by using the "Apply Now" button below, or for a confidential discussion, please contact Steven Nield in our Melbourne office on +61 3 9975¦show number . 
 The Assistant Accountant / Bookkeeper will report to the General Manager and Financial Controller (Head Office) and be responsible for key financial accounting activities. Duties will include:-   Maintenance of General Ledger and posting journals BAS and Payroll tax preparation and lodgement Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable management Bank Reconciliation Credit card and cash takings reconciliation General Ledger and Balance Sheet reconciliation Fortnightly payroll calculation and payments Maintenance of financial files and records   Applicants must have the following skills & experience:- Minimum 2 years experience in a similar role Tertiary or diploma qualifications in accounting Experience with RedCat (Preferred but not essential) Intermediate in Excel Possess a great eye for detail and accuracy Excellent time management skills Ability to work independently Excellent verbal and written communication   Only Australian citizens and permanent residents will be considered.    Please apply now with your cover letter and resume if this role sounds like the perfect fit for you!   
 Leading Global Insurance group with premium brand. People focused organisation with high calibre and supportive finance team. The Opportunity Permanent role within their regulatory reporting team. You will deliver financial, statutory and regulatory (APRA) reporting, prepare financial statements and drive process improvements. There will also be a number projects and initiatives you will be involved in. Responsibilities will include: Monthly accounting processes based on AGAAP & IFRS Quarterly APRA reporting Quarterly competitor analysis Business partnering with key stakeholders Change management and process improvement Ad-hoc projects Required Skills and Experience CA/CPA qualified 3 - 5 years experience in financial or statutory accounting within the insurance sector or blue chip financial services experience OR: Big 4 audit experience with insurance clients Outstanding interpersonal and communication skills To Apply If this role sounds of interest and you have the correct skills and experience please apply using the link including a copy of your resume in Word format For further information on this role or to confidentially apply, please contact Mariana Tellez on 02 8227 9200 or apply directly via the Apply for this job button. Only WORD FORMAT resumes will be accepted. 
 BOOK KEEPER REQUIRED, PERMANENT PART TIME BASIS “ 15 HOURS PER WEEK, $30 - 35 PER HOUR.   About the business We're a wholesale company servicing the motorcycle industry throughout Australia, New Zealand and Asia Pacific About the role We are seeking a dynamic, experienced Bookkeeper on a Permanent Part-Time basis, for 15 hours per week reporting to the Directors.  You will be capable of stepping into a challenging role with minimal support and training and your duties will include payroll, accounts payable and receivable, BAS, Profit and Loss and general accounting duties. Work life balance Days and hours of work are flexible, however you will be required to work on Mondays to manage the payroll function and report to the directors.  Skills and experience   ·         Must be proficient in using MYOB; and be able to demonstrate a comprehensive knowledge ·         Knowledge of ATO guideline and tax laws ·         Knowledge of general office practices ·         Excellent client service skills ·         Able to work autonomously and in a team ·         Effective organisational skills ·         Highly developed written and verbal communication skills ·         Trustworthy ·         Excellent communication skills both verbal and written ·         Office administration capabilities and is IT savvy   KEY TASKS ·         Processing Invoices ·         Emailing Statements ·         Processing payments - all invoices uploaded to MYOB ·         Bank Reconciliations ·         Payroll ·         Superannuation payments ·         BAS preparations ·         Debt collections ·         Monthly Sales Reports ·         Anticipate business needs and search for ways to improve client service, including individual responsibility to embrace diverse needs ·         Use resources in a responsible and efficient manner ·         Strict adherence to our confidentiality policies ·         Answer general enquiries from clients ·         Complete designated duties efficiently and to a high quality standard ·         Planning and regular review is required ensuring that all BAS lodgement and other compliance dates are met ·         Day to day tasks completed with 100% accuracy ·         Report to Management on weekly basis to discuss finances and any system improvements ·         Maintain positive work environment for yourself and team members   PERSONAL QUALITIES   ·         Accuracy and attention to detail ·         Must be able to work autonomously without supervision as well as within a team ·         Able to prioritise, multi-task and have the ability to work on various jobs in succession ·         Polite, respectful and with a sense of humour ·         Driven and wants to be part of something and have a meaningful role to play   If this role appeals to you, and you believe you have got what it takes to be a member of our admin team, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Scott Chinnock via email scott.chinnock@fashion-hub.com.au or 0411 052 284. 
This growing and dynamic property organisation is looking for a contractor to join their team for initially 9-10 months to help improve their business functions and sit within their Group Finance function. You must be fairly immediately available or available within 2 weeks. Reporting to the Group Financial Reporting Manager, you will be required to review current statutory and financial reporting process and identify, investigate and reconcile various balances and eliminations. Criteria: - Highly developed technical skills with a working understanding of Australian accounting standards, taxation, financial and corporate reporting. - Professionally qualified CA accountant ideally from Big 4 or Business Services ideally. - Previous experience in Statutory Reporting for a large entity and experience in a large company with a complex structure - Significant proven ability to recommend and implement statutory financial reporting process for organisations of comparable complexity. - Assisting with the Tax Effect Accounting would be a bonus. You will ideally come from a audit/business services background and you will be able to work with various stakeholders to improve the business and provide technical advice. First time movers at the Manager or Senior Manager level within Big 4 will also be considered however this opportunity is to begin within the next week. Candidates with other qualifications will be considered but you will have to have come from a technical statutory reporting position, within a large organisation. If you meet this criteria please hit apply. 
The Firm  This is a 4 partner firm located in the picturesque town of Geelong located just a short drive away from Melbourne's CBD. Work in a close knit team where work is sociable and enjoyable with superb training and development opportunities. As this is a larger firm you will have the benefit of working alongside specialists who can assist you in your continued professional development and help you reach your career goals. Their client base comprises of SMEs with turnover averaging around $20-30m located across Victoria.  The Role With the firm growing in size, you will be joining a successful team with big aspirations to continue their growth in the coming years. As a result of this firms rapid and continued growth this role could develop into a Partnership opportunity. Coming in to supervise a team of juniors and act as the main point of contact for clients, you will posses the ability to recognise and react to clients needs on business advisory and tax matters whilst providing a range of value-add services.  Tasks will include:  Working with a diverse, varied client base  Working on multi-million dollar complex accounts  Management of client relationships through visits and regular meetings About You This is a suitable career move for someone with:  3+ years experience in Business Services in an Australian accounting firm  Completed CA or CPA study (or on final module)  Excellent communication skills with a consultative approach to clients needs  Strong interpersonal skills  The ability to build and nurture relationships  Experience in managing a client portfolio and dealing with large corporate entities  Experience managing a team is preferred but not essential Benefits  Work on complex multi-million dollar accounts  Be part of a close knit friendly team working alongside the Partner  Emphasis on career progression with progression to Partner available  6 monthly salary review and performance incentives  Regular internal and external training   Fun and engaging working environment with group activities and social outings  Lower cost of living and cheap housing prices compared to Melbourne  Relaxed lifestyle with beachside location How to apply To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Sam Norris on 03 8640 5420 or email snorris@walkerandersen.com 
 About the company Our client is an instantly recognisable ASX listed retail organisation based in Northwest Sydney. This organisation is well known for offering genuine long term career opportunities and are focused on creating a values focused culture which has made them a well sought after company to work for. This organisation is known for collaborating and developing it's staff to create a high performing environment. About the role Reporting directly to the Senior Commercial Finance Manager, you will be tasked with (but not limited to) the following: Take ownership of the monthly & quarterly budgeting & forecasting process. Analyse business and market trends and identify opportunities to optimise revenue and gain market-share. Identify risks and opportunities for the business and make recommendations to management Provide business cases to support the development of new business initiatives Develop and produce monthly financial and KPI reports that give meaningful insight into the business Provide variance analysis and trends across major expense categories, that supports the business Provide decision support to sales & marketing through detailed insightful analysis. Provide analysis on new investment decisions or new product development. About you The successful candidate will: CA/CPA/CIMA/ACCA Qualified or equivalent. Possess high level of oral and written communication, interpersonal, consultation and presentation skills including action plan development Have excellent problem solving ability, analytical skills and ability to management competing issues and work to tight deadlines You will possess outstanding stakeholder management skills as well as demonstrable experience in customer service Thrive in a team based environment and be comfortable being a self-starter who can work independently with a high level of initiative Be inquisitive, energetic and have a thirst for knowledge on processes, systems and the Businesses we support Have strong experience working with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) What to do next? If you would like to apply for this position, please click APPLY now. Alternatively, you can send your updated resume to Josh Hawkins via email jhawkins@morganmckinley.com.au for a confidential discussion. Morgan McKinley is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Please note that any references to salary or pay rates in this advertisement and in the salary refinement section are indicative only and should only be used as a guide. 
 Credit Controller Findex currently have an opportunity available for a Credit Controller to join our Melbourne CBD office. This role will be responsible for the collection activity in order to achieve the best possible turnaround from fee billing to payment. You will also assist in the collection processes to facilitate client payment within trade terms. You will negotiate best outcomes for overdue accounts including dispute resolution, fee funding, payment arrangements and if relevant, referral to Debt Collection Agency. Your key responsibilities include: Establishing and maintaining positive relationships with internal and external clients; Collecting outstanding payments and ensuring monthly targets are achieved; Negotiating best outcomes for overdue accounts; Monthly reporting and analysis of work-in-progress (WIP) and debtors ledgers; Issuing statements and other administration duties Liaising with Debt Collection Agency and/or Solicitors to resolve legal disputes; To be successful you will have: Collection experience, preferably in a professional industry Demonstrated experience in building and maintaining key relationships with all stakeholders Strong aptitude for numerical information Proficient (intermediate skills) in Word/Excel/Accounting packages Excellent communication skills “ both written and verbal Attention to detail with a high level of accuracy Ability to maintain confidentiality at all times This is an exceptional career opportunity within a well-established financial services company that offers a positive and supportive team-based work environment. About Us: Crowe Horwath, as part of Findex, is Australasia's leading provider of integrated financial advisory and accounting services. At the cornerstone of this approach are four prominent and embedded beliefs; relationships and technology, holistic advice, continuous evolution, and a one best way process. It is an amalgamation of these beliefs which has positioned Findex as the pre-eminent thought leader in the financial advisory and accountancy space. The breadth of offering under the Findex banner is fully diversified and 'best of breed', providing solutions across the entire financial services market, through brands including: Crowe Horwath Australasia  Centric Wealth  Prescott Securities  CIVIC Financial Planning  Financial Index Wealth Accountants  We are driven by a single purpose “ building value through international business for our clients and our people 
 Working with a grounded accounting team you will learn the ropes of a commercial sector. Responsible for activities relating to tax, compliance requirements and insurance. Liaising with external advisers, you will use your taxation knowledge to provide guidance and advice around these matters. This role offers variety, development and autonomy.   Ensure timely and accurate prep of tax filings - local and international. This will be for the Group's consultation with external tax agents where required on a monthly, quarterly and year end basis.   Lead the preparation and lodgement of corporate tax returns for all Group entities.   Advise on and manage the impact of new or proposed legislation, decisions, regulations and rulings in tax and related areas and recommend appropriate group responses.   Ensure that all financial transactions are processed in an accurate and timely manner in line with relevant policies, processes and procedures.   Ensure the accurate and timely completion of statutory reporting to Government regulatory bodies, including BAS/VAT, PAYG, FBT, NRWT along with other taxation and compliance lodgements required in various jurisdictions.   Liaising with Corporate Accountants and payroll team to obtain information for consolidation into the required tax and compliance lodgements   Excellent communication skills, confident liaising with a range of stakeholders To be successful in this role, you will have:   CA/CPA qualified Solid local tax experience, exposure to dealing with large ASX listed entities or familiar with working withing a large commercial business Exposure to international taxation transactions and associated tax compliance matters Financial accounting experience Ability to work autonomously and in a team 
 Join a performance driven team who are rewarded and recognised for their effort! An opportunity exists within a fast-paced environment for a motivated and capable Accounts Receivable Officer. Reporting to the AR Manager, and based in our Woollongabba office, the role will include (but not limited to): Client invoicing; Account reconciliation; Contract administration; Ensuring that client accounts are kept within terms of contracts; Attending weekly AR meetings The successful applicant will have: Experience in a full function accounts receiving processing role; Experience in Netsuite (not essential); Excellent communication and negotiation skills; The ability to influence others; Ability to work in a team; In return, you will be offered a competitive salary and the opportunity to work within a dynamic team environment. You will be joining a performance driven team who are rewarded and recognised for their efforts. We are committed to providing the successful applicant any support and training required. A clear career path can also be demonstrated. This is a fantastic opportunity to establish yourself in a growing group of companies. If this sounds like your next exciting challenge, we'd love to hear from you “ APPLY NOW! 
The company My client is an ASX listed business who have been at the forefront of their chosen field for many year's. Operating in a competitive landscape my client has consistently improved their strategic approach in order to remain at the top with staff engagement being a key metric in achieving this success.  Situated in the heart of North Sydney their office is a short walk from North Sydney train station and sport fantastic views of the harbour, some days you just wont want to leave! The role Due to an internal promotion an immediate need has been created for an experience Financial or Chartered Accountant to fill what will be an ongoing vacancy, this is a great opportunity to get in and prove your abilities in order to secure a long-term opportunity with an ASX listed business.  You will be responsible for owning the month-end close for one of the businesses leading business units including balance sheet reconciliations, prepayments, accruals and providing variance analysis to relevant cross-functional stakeholders. This will be purely a financial reporting role with tax, fixed assets etc being accounted for in a separate team.  About you CA/CPA qualified Big 4 or top tier chartered experience desirable  The ability to work autonomously and as a part of a team Intermediate excel skills Excellent communication and interpersonal skills                                   Don't hesitate to apply! To apply, please click "Apply for this job" If you are confident you have the skills and personality outlined above I am keen to hear from you. To apply please forward your resume to Michael Furey at Appreciating Talent TODAY using the links below. We look forward to hearing from you.    About us: Appreciating Talent are a team of highly experienced, specialist accounting recruiters with offices in Sydney & Parramatta. We are part of the Appreciating Recruitment Group, along with Appreciating Payroll & Appreciating Office Support. 
 The Employer West Recruitment is currently partnering with a growing Australian construction business that has built a reputation for high quality bespoke work across both the residential and commercial building sectors. This business has been on a steady growth trajectory for some years and as a result, is now looking to employ an inhouse Financial Controller to help this business grow to the next level The Role Reporting to the Managing Director, this role has been created to have transparency and control of the company finances and to reduce the reliance on external consulting firms. The Financial Controller will ensure the integrity of company accounts and will be able to guide the business to enable further sustainable growth. Here are some key tasks aligned to this role: Manage two transactional finance staff Own the End of Month reporting cycle including reconciliation of all accounts Prepare the statutory reporting pack for the business. Liaising with external stakeholders such as government bodies Preparation of Cashflow management Roll out of the Annual budget and monthly forecasts Will prepare the monthly management reports Perform project accounting such as job costing, project tracking and variance reporting. Partner with the MD to work on growth initiatives as the finance lead. The Successful Candidate The ideal candidate for this position comes from an SME work environment that sees you work across all areas of the business in detail. This individual will have a proven track record of effectively managing the finances of a growing sub $100m t/o business. Other attributes will include: Hold a widely recognised professional accounting qualification (CPA / CA preferred) Comes with strong technical accounting skills including a working knowledge of standards. Can demonstrate commercial acumen and a ˜can do' attitude when partnering with stakeholders to reach common business goals. Has a ˜hands on' work ethos Is tech savvy with mid tier ERP systems and can construct reports using MS Excel. Whilst not essential, Candidates with a Building or Construction industry background will be held in high regard. To apply online, please click on the link below. Alternatively, to discuss this opportunity further please contact Dean Mumford on 02 9689 8907. Follow West Recruitment on LinkedIn to receive the latest industry news and job updates at http://www.linkedin.com/company/west-recruitment-consulting Please submit your resume in Word format only. 
The Organisation Our client is a well established Project Management firm based within Melbourne's CBD. For the past 20 years' our client has focused on supporting major building and infrastructure environments.  Position Description With a small finance team located in Melbourne and Sydney, this position will report directly into the Finance Manager based in Sydney. Your duties will include: Processing of AP invoices and payments Employee expense reimbursement Monthly customer invoicing and receipting AMEX/Petty Cash reconciliations End-to-end payroll of 80 staff Monthly billings and WIP The Ideal Candidate To be successful in this role you will possess the following attributes: Solid experience in Accounts Payable, Payroll and Accounts Receivable Prior experience in a professional services environment Intermediate/advanced Excel skills  MYOB experience The ability to work autonomously, as well as team environment 
 Our client is looking to recruit an experience Accounts Receivable/Credit Officer to join the team. Reporting directly to the Accounts Receivable Manager within this high volume environment, your primary responsibilities will include: Initiating contact with debtors to arrange payment of outstanding invoices Reconciliation of customer accounts and resolution of any allocation issues Processing and receipting EFT, credit card, and direct debit payments High volume invoicing Investigating queries and process adjustments Liaising with clients to resolve account queries Customer account maintenance General ad hoc duties To be successful in this role, you will have: At least 2 years experience in a high volume AR role Sound knowledge of Microsoft Excel and Word ERP system experience Experience liaising with internal and external stakeholders If this sounds like you, please apply via the 'Apply' link. 
 The Company Our client is a large well known leading distributor and producer of products for the conservation and infrastructure markets. With a key to their success being their unwavering dedication to providing exceptional service and partnerships with their clients. This business has continued to expand through both acquisition and organic growth, and are now able to provide a new opportunity for a full function Credit Controller to join the team. The Role As the company is growing, an opportunity has become available for an Accounts Receivable/ Credit Controller to join a dynamic team that strives to exceed industry standards in customer service and operational excellence. This position will initially be a temporary opportunity with permanent prospects. Management of customer portfolios; Collection of all overdue accounts; Maximizing cash flow; Minimizing delinquencies; Preparation of daily banking, receipting and allocation of payments; Reconciliation of customer accounts; Recording, liaising with and following up customer queries, claims and disputes; Generating monthly statements and processing reminders; Forecasting; Liaising and building relationships with nationwide sales team; Ad hoc tasks as required Skills & Experience To be successful, you will have: Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written A confident and friendly phone manner in order retain good relationships with debtors The ability to have difficult conversations and deal positively with customers A high level of productivity Strong negotiation skills The ability to meet deadlines 
 ACCOUNTS OFFICER/ ACCOUNTANT An exciting career opportunity has become available with JRT Group for a passionate and self-motivated Accounts Officer/ Accountant. This permanent full time role will support JRT Groups direction by overseeing all matters regarding Accounts. Located in Yeppoon on the Central Queensland coast, JRT Group employs around 130 people and provides a wide range of Civil Construction services to the community. JRT Group is friendly, focussed on customer service and committed to the region. The role: General accounting “ assistance with financial statement preparations and reports across multiple companies Assisting with tax compliance (BAS, PAYG, Payroll Tax) Balance sheet reconciliations Cash Management Overseeing Accounts Receivable Accounts Payable Processing Payroll weekly Management of cashflow forecasting Assistance with annual budgeting To excel in this role, you will have: Previous Accounts Payable & Receivable experience Previous Payroll experience Ideally, you will be degree qualified with a minimum of 3 years' experience in an accounting role Experience working in a group with multiple companies would be highly regarded High level communication skills, both written and oral Work autonomously and to deadlines Excellent computer skills including MS Excel IMMEDIATE START Only short-listed candidates will be contacted.     
Opportunity:  Manage intricate and complex clients and build on an existing tax and business services foundation with a client advisor role. You will service and provide advice to high-end professional service clients, with turnovers up to 100 mil and groups of up to 50 trading entities.  You will: Be passionate about managing clients business needs Thrive in a social working environment Enjoy looking after clients financial advice, restructuring, other tax issues Work in conjunction with the Partners, management to enhance your existing skill set  Have a CA/CPA qualification and you will have practical experience in an Australian public practice for at least 4 years Want to develop more knowledge in tax, consulting and management responsibilities To apply:  Please click the button. You can email Piers Brelsford on piers@lawsondelaney.com.au for more details or call me on 03 9946 7315. Lawson Delaney: Lawson Delaney is Melbourne's premier specialist recruitment firm working with the Accounting Profession. When you view the profiles of our Directors you will know that you are working with the most experienced and highest achieving consultants. We are here to help you with your career!  http://www.lawsondelaney.com.au   
 Do work that matters You will train and develop staff in the department so they can perform their Fund and Investment Accounting duties in a consistent, accurate and professional manner.  This includes identifying development needs, designing and preparing detailed learning materials, conducting training, assessing knowledge and other adhoc tasks. See yourself in our team Your team sits within the Fund Accounting area and services both this department as well as the Investment Accounting team (in Fund Operations). These departments are responsible for the Unit Pricing, Reconciliations, BAS lodgements and other accounting functions relating to many Funds and Options. On any given week you will Develop and design technical, fund/investment accounting related training materials Maintain and update existing training material to reflect business and industry changes Design and run training related to projects and continuous improvement initiatives that impact the business Conduct and facilitate engaging and interactive training. This could be one to one or in small/large groups Provide advice and tailor training taking into account needs of learners and requirements from senior staff or key stakeholders Report, collate and review feedback from customers and stakeholders In all aspects of training, incorporates risk and control fundamentals related to the topic Develop and maintain relationships with staff at all levels throughout the business (including SME's and Department EGM's) ensuring key business partners receive a high level of service Ensure all deadlines are met and quality work is produced We're interested in hearing from people who Experience in an accounting role Solid public speaking and presentation skills Strong verbal and written communication Able to manage risk effectively in their role as well as  by incorporating it into learning content for learners Self-Starter and has a proactive attitude (for example, must be able to do own research to develop learning material) While not essential, a university qualification in a finance related discipline will be highly regarded. At CommBank, we're committed to building a diverse and inclusive workforce reflecting the customers, businesses and communities we serve. As a value's driven organisation, we nurture and support our people; through focussing on skill and talent development, collaboration, flexibility and internal promotion. With service in mind at every touch point, we take accountability for the role we play in securing and enhancing the financial wellbeing of people, businesses and communities. At CommBank you can be you. 
 Drake International - Bendigo are currently seeking an experienced Management Accountant to support our clients busy Bendigo based office.  The successful candidate will require broad accounting and management experience and will also need to be an adaptable, self-motivated and steady individual. As the Management Accountant you will work closely with a small accounts team and support the surrounding management team. Other duties will include end of month processes, BAS, business financial reporting including budgets and forecasting, regularly reviewing and recommending improvements, inventory set up and standard costings. Skills and experiences required to be successful in this role include: Knowledge of the basic principles of food manufacturing business operations Strong organisation and time management skills, including a deep understanding of and experience with ISO Management Systems. Demonstrate initiative and have a pro-active approach to all tasks. Advanced knowledge of all MS Office programs and ERP systems, and preferably experience with MFG Pro/QAD   Key responsibilities: Prepare and distribute monthly and ad hoc reports for the Management team, CEO, & Executive Advisory Board Work as a part of a team to ensure all forms of financial control are properly executed, traceable and appropriately authorised. Manage and develop systems and applications for Enterprise Resource Planning, Manufacturing Planning and Accounting, with a special focus on ensuring the accuracy and relevance of Standard, Work Centre and Product Costing systems. Liaise promptly and effectively with Executive Advisory Board (EAB), company external Accountants, Auditors and Funding Providers. If you are a system focused, process driven individual that is looking for a broad and challenging role, then this is the role for you! ... to express your interest in this position, select the APPLY NOW button. Phone enquiries can be made to Drake Bendigo on 03 5441 6655. Please note only successfully short-listed candidates will be contacted, thank you in advance to all applicants. 
 Mascot location $68k - $72k + Super + Bonus Short walk to train station/street parking available This industry leading highly impressive multi-national business has been continuously expanding their operations across Australia, is a strong brand name and have developed a brilliant culture focussing on employee development, work/life balance, training and progression. Due to company growth, a fantastic opportunity exists for a talented Payroll Officer to join the team. Reporting to the Payroll Manager, you will have a broad range of responsibilities including: End to end payroll functions Setting up new starters Superannuation Payroll tax Processing termination payments Manage staff queries Assist in month end & year end tasks To be considered for this role you will have 1-2 years relevant experience in a full function payroll position along with having excellent communication skills. A strong attention to detail, as well as being hands on and a team player is essential. The system being used is Preceda - experience in this system would be highly advantageous. If this role is of interest to you please send your resume to Aaron.McLemon@lawsonelliott.com.au or call Aaron McLemon on (02) 8274 0212 for additional information quoting reference number AM4918.  
 Permanent, part time billings clerk for an architecture firm in the city. 3-4 days per week Your new company This role is for a highly successful and well renowned Architecture company based in Sydney CBD. They offer an array of services including strategic advice and design (strategic, urban) and are currently working on over 50 projects in Sydney alone. Your new role As a newly created role, you will be supporting the project managers manage the billings process. Your duties will include: Issuing monthly invoices Tracking projects and sub contractors Monitoring and updating hours spent on project Maintaining forecast Producing analytics in relation to billings Approval and payment of invoices Liaising with project managers and finance teams interstate What you'll need to succeed In order to be successful in this role you will have a proven track record in a similar type of role. You will possess the following experience/skills: Previous experience in billings - Ideally within the professional services or construction industry Knowledge of work in progress and ability to bill on hours or length of contract Strong communication skills as you will be communicating with project managers on a daily basis Excellent numeracy skills able to handle complex billings Previous Accounts Payable experience is advantageous What you'll get in return This is a fantastic opportunity to join a well established, creative company with modern offices in a very convenient location. As a part time employee you will have flexibility to chose hours that fit in with your schedule (approx 25-32 hrs per week). What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' or forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to zoe.bakehouse@hays.com.au. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Flexible working conditions Social and welcoming culture Client contact from the beginning FutureYou are exclusively partnering with a leading accounting practice in Melbourne CBD. Due to continued growth in recent years, this firm is looking to build on their Business Services division. Reporting directly to a manager and a Partner you be given full client contact and ownership from day one. The office has a collaborative team environment, and you will benefit from a mid tier style structured technical and soft skills training programme. Client Details This three partner firm is located ideally in the CBD close to trains, trams, high end shops, delicious cafes and entertainment. This firm encourages all their staff to act as a business partner to their clients, not only providing tax compliance but also get involved with special projects such as corporate finance, insolvency, business development plans etc. Description This role includes but is not limited to; Tax compliance for all entities including partnerships, trusts, companies and SMSF Preparing financial statements and management reports Tax planning and advice preparation of cash flows and tax projects Fully client facing - attending face to face meetings and liaising over the phone Mentoring and reviewing other team members work. Profile In order to be successful in this role, it is essential you have: At least 3 years experience in Business Services or Tax in an Australian accounting practice Started CA/CPA qualifications Excellent communication skills - both written and verbal Strong work ethic and pro-active mentality Relaxed and outgoing personality Demonstrate drive and ambition To apply for this position, please click the 'Apply Now' button below. For a confidential discussion, please contact Leanne Colwell on 0432 629 574 
 This exciting role is with a well-established, medium sized CA firm in Richmond where you will work in a highly professional, social environment. The firm is in a good location close to public transport. This position will give you the opportunity to work on a broad variety of assignments with a good quality, active client base. The firm encourages their staff to liaise directly with clients and to develop effective working relationships.    Working in a team in a flat structure under a Partner, the role will suit a candidate who will benefit from working in a relaxed environment in which you will be given a high degree of autonomy. As a senior member of the team, you will focus on accounting and tax for a variety of clients including larger business groups. The role will involve a significant number of face-to-face meetings as well as the usual contact by phone and email so you must be a confident communicator who is able to think on your feet.      Ideally CA/CPA qualified (or part qualified), you will have solid practical accounting and tax experience within an accounting firm. You enjoy the technical aspects of your role, researching your topic and discussing your findings with colleagues and clients.   Dinan Moore is a market leading specialist Professional Practice recruitment firm. We have far more experience than our competitors and a thorough knowledge of the Profession in Melbourne. We have excellent networks which have been built up over a combined 50+ years of experience. Whether you are currently working for a firm in Melbourne and wish to join a different firm or you are working interstate and wish to relocate to Melbourne, we will give you honest advice about your career prospects and the best support whilst working closely with you to help you achieve your goals. For further information please contact Barry Atkinson on 03 9642 1926.   Please go to www.dinanmoore.com.au to view further opportunities in the profession. 
    The Company: This is a well-regarded and established Chartered Firm based in the CBD that has built an outstanding reputation for the quality of its staff, open environment and innovative business solutions. It provides a range of Accounting, Business Advisory, Audit, Forensics and Insolvency services to HNW, SME businesses and Multi-nationals. The company is continually experiencing growth in both client acquisition and revenue. They are now in need of an experienced Tax Advisory Senior wanting to join their successful organisation!     The Opportunity: This opportunity will be suitable for someone who enjoys a role with variety.  Reporting to the Tax Advisory Director, this position will provide taxation advice to a portfolio of internal and external clients which includes SME's and private clients. The role will include providing taxation advice, undertaking research, preparing letters of advice and strategic work including pro-active tax planning, structuring and specific transaction advice. In addition, you will work closely with clients and a broad range of staff across the firm. This is a great opportunity to focus on high level tax work!     About You: We are seeking a motivated, proactive and approachable Senior who has proven business services experience and wanting to specialise in client advisory. You will ideally also be: CA or CPA qualified (or working towards)  Have approximately 4+ years' experience in public practice accounting     If you are interested in this opportunity APPLY now or contact Richard Erikson for a confidential discussion on 07 3229 8020, 0450 311 804 or email richard@bentleyrecruitment.com.au 
Opportunity Join one of the most established accounting practices in the East. Responsibilities Inherit a client list of 200k Manage all internal/external client communications with support of managers Complete compliance with your clients e.g prepare financials, tax returns etc  Client groups include; Companies, Unit, discretionary, investment, family trusts, Partnerships, JV's and more Experience 3+ years of experience in Australian Public Practice CA/CPA part qualified  Live in the East  Experience in Div 7a, CGT, and other technical issues How to apply Please apply below now to Piers Brelsford at Lawson Delaney. For a confidential discussion regarding this opportunity contact Piers on 03 9946 7315 or email piers@lawsondelaney.com.au  Lawson Delaney Lawson Delaney is Melbourne's premier specialist recruitment firm working with the Accounting Profession. When you view the profiles of our Directors you will know that you are working with the most experienced and highest achieving consultants. We are here to help you with your career!  http://www.lawsondelaney.com.au/ 
The company: Our client is an ASX listed company with a trading history spanning back over 80 years. Originally a family run company, they have grown exponentially in the past 20 years to become the true leader in their field, but have managed to retain that smaller company culture and feel despite the exceptional growth.  The role (exclusive to Appreciating Talent!): Reporting to the Credit Supervisor, as Major Accounts Credit Officer you will take control of your own ledger of accounts made up of the biggest customers across Australia. Rather than making high volumes of collections calls to recover debt in this role, the position requires much more account management and administration skills to ensure payment is received on time (including uploading paperwork to relevant client portals). Your day to day duties will include the following: Manage your own ledger to ensure you meet 90-day debt targets (approx 250 accounts, $65m value) Ensure company compliance is followed at all times to minimise payment delays Build & maintain strong relationships with internal managers & external stakeholders Provide management with bad debt risk reports on a weekly basis  Ensure customer credit limits are managed in line with company expectations  Provide input towards better operating procedures where possible Attend ledger revue sessions with Team Leader This is a perfect opportunity for an experienced Credit Officer looking to step into Major Accounts management, or for someone currently in a Majors role but looking to work for a company that can offer career progression to Team Leader in future.  The candidate: Apart from the technical skills outlined above, we are looking for someone who can look for ways to improve processes & procedures and come up with suggestions to create efficiency within their role. You will also need the following: A minimum 3 years in a Credit position (commercial debtors, Majors preferred)  Solid understanding of Credit Management techniques & principles A strong sense of customer service & teamwork Intermediate Excel skills Strong time management skills Membership to AICM preferred, not essential A wicked sense of humour! This is a permanent role paying up to $65,000 + super (depending on previous experience) with interviews taking place ASAP. If you are confident you have the skills and personality outlined above I am keen to hear from you. To apply please forward your resume to Marcus Stubbs at Appreciating Talent TODAY using the links below. We look forward to hearing from you. 
 Randstad are seeking an experienced APS 4 SAP Payroll Processing Officer for a reputable federal government agency. The role is to commence ASAP untill 29th June with possible extension into the new financial year. You will be working in a large volume payroll team and duties will be focused around SAP payroll processing. A baseline clearace or higher is required for this full time role. If you are interested and have experience working with SAP Payroll processes, please contact Mai on 6132 3804 or apply directly ASAP. 
 About the Role Key Objectives: Strategic and Operational Support Senior Area Leader and Area Leaders in driving and implementing key strategic initiatives; Developing business models which support sustainable profitable growth; Design management reports effectively capturing the key business indicators; Provide commercial support and develop commercial acumen of operational leaders; Conduct area business reviews identifying productivity improvement opportunities; Financial Ensure financial integrity of operational results and processes; Responsible for preparation of management and financial reporting; Assist with the preparation of forecasts and budgets; Identify opportunities and support change to create a World Class Finance Function Financial control across leisure areas including financial results, support accounts and TL wage accuracy; Risk Control and Mitigation People Partner with Leisure Operations Finance to deliver a seamless finance experience Adhere to Company communication standards and participate in effective team meetings and development day About You CPA/CA or studying towards Strong commercial acumen and technical knowledge Demonstrated ability in developing and implementing business strategy Strong interpersonal and communication skills with ability to develop relationships at all levels Strong analytical skills with initiative to resolve issues or pursue business opportunities as they are identified Strong customer focus High degree of flexibility and ability to deal with change, growth and pressure The Benefits Global ASX listed Industry Leader Corporate Offices close to public transport Opportunity to be involved in exciting projects and influence business decisions. A Global Mobility Program to enable you work anywhere in the world An Emerging Leader program to get you to the next stage through some of the best mentors in the world Annual Finance conferences where you are flown to a location, put up in a hotel and provided with food and drinks. High performers get into Global where they fly you to an International destination for a holiday Discounted Travel on flights, insurance tours and accommodation, Qantas Club To apply, click the link and upload your current resume in word format. If you would like to have a confidential discussion, please contact Anna Drillsma on 02 8093 0600, quoting ref no. JO-1804-88543. Want to know more about Davidson? Visit us at www.davidsonwp.com 
 Join a company that values innovative ideas and flexible work practices Project accounting position within a global Defence organisation 12 month fixed-term position, located in Newcastle, New South Wales BAE Systems Australia's core values of Trusted, Innovative and Bold under pin everything we do.  Passionate people work at BAE Systems and the team contributes to something really big - the defence of Australia.  Due to expansion, our Training and Air Combat Support business has an exciting opportunity for a Project Accountant to support multiple projects, both existing and those transitions into new contracts, maintaining the integrity and transparency of financial data, in order to facilitate planning and decision making.   Applications are now sought from dynamic Project Accountant professionals to support the business, based at our Williamtown site, on a fixed-term basis.  Experience true work-life balance without compromising job satisfaction or career development, by joining our Aerospace team.  As one of our Project Accountants, you will: Create and or improve processes used to calculate accurate, timely and efficient reporting of financial data Provide variance and trend analysis Operate and maintain budgeting and forecasting files and processes for the projects Provide detailed, accurate and relevant reporting and commentary by the specified deadlines on forecasts, budget and cash flow to the Project team and Corporate Staff. Support in stock and fixed asset reporting and management Assist with the preparation and consolidation of the project Annual Budget and Monthly rolling forecast Ongoing maintenance and monitoring for billing and costing processes, including incorporating changes resulting from Contract Change Proposal's (CCP's) Support project cash management including foreign exchange management and hedging Prepare journals for project accruals and adjustments  As the ideal applicant, you will have:  Experience as a Project Accountant with exposure to a project environment paired with relevant tertiary qualifications and hold CA or CPA qualifications  Ability to interact effectively with colleagues within and outside his/her immediate team, to implement business requirements Well-developed self-management skills and demonstrated ability to work under his/her own initiative to deliver outputs to time, quality and cost High literacy and numeracy skills, especially in MS Office skills, intermediate for Word and PowerPoint, and advanced in Excel Knowledge of Australian Accounting Standards and Australian International Framework of Reporting Standards (AIFRS)  As a Defence security clearance is required for this role, applicants must be Australian citizens and eligible to obtain and maintain appropriate clearance. International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) are applicable and as such, your nationality may be a factor in determining your suitability for this role.  Applications should be addressed to: Sally Porter - Recruitment Specialist and made on-line at www.baesystemscareers.com.au  Please ensure you attach a current resume and copy of your relevant qualification(s) to your application. A cover letter is preferred.  At BAE Systems, we have a strong safety, health and environmental culture; employee safety and well-being is a top priority. We also maintain a genuine commitment to diversity and inclusion and to training and development, offer competitive benefits and enjoy a family friendly work place with flexible work practices. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply.  BAE Systems Australia employees are encouraged to refer others for employment in line with the conditions of the Employee Referral Scheme. Further information regarding clearances is available at: https://careers.au.baesystems.com/opportunity.html 
 4 week, part time, temp assignment for an experienced Payroll Officer working in the Geelong region. Your new company With a dedicated presence in Geelong for over 10 years, Hays are the preferred choice to Federal, State and Local Government organisations as well as employers across the Retail, Education, NFP, Manufacturing and Utility sectors in Geelong, Ballarat, Horsham, Warrnambool and Western Victoria. Your new role Your new position will be a part time temporary role in the Payroll department of a leading locally based Nursery. Ideal for someone looking for a short term assignment or has other commitments to work around. What you'll need to succeed To be successful in this role, you will be able to demonstrate: Extensive knowledge of Payroll The ability to extensively reconcile previous pay runs Highly developed written and oral communication skills with excellent attention to detail Excellent time management and organisational skills with an ability to meet tight deadlines Current working rights for Victoria, Australia What you'll get in return $30-40ph +Super What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV via our secure portal. If this job isn't quite right for you but you're looking for a new position please contact Ryan Twose at Hays on (03) 5226 8000 or ryan.twose@hays.com.au 
James Hardie is an international building product manufacturer and global leader in fibre-reinforced cement.  Operating for over 125 years, the company continues to challenge convention within the industry and leads the way in delivering innovative building products and solutions. Founded in Australia, we now have operations in the United States, Canada, New Zealand, the Philippines and Europe.    The Opportunity    The Finance Manager will be responsible for leading and supporting a small team of accountants who manage the month end close process for the Australian and New Zealand business.    Key responsibilities: Training, mentoring and setting direction for the Financial Accounting team Reviewing, overseeing and preparing the full month end and continuous accounting process Ensuring monthly accounts are accurate and comply with relevant accounting standards Managing monthly balance sheet reconciliations Preparing for review and sign off of monthly and quarterly reporting deliverables Managing capital expenditure program and fixed asset register Be central point of contact for all general ledger requirements Assist in preparation of year-end financial information for external audit team and statutory reporting compliance Coordinate internal statutory reporting requirements and analysis pack for head office in US Identify and drive areas for automation and process improvements Review and improve internal policies and process documents Analyse financial KPI's and work with internal team to improve performance   About You    To be successful in this role you will be fully qualified CA or CPA, have proven experience managing a financial function and strong technical ability in controlling, accounting and reporting. You will have previous exposure to SAP, Hyperion and Blackline systems and advanced Excel skills.    You will also have:   Strong knowledge of Australian Accounting Standards, IFRS and SOX compliance Experience in a hands on managerial role Outstanding mentoring and leadership skills Ability to drive outcomes across multiple stakeholder groups Excellent stakeholder management skills Strategic thinking ability to drive change and innovation Exhibit strong team based values   Your positive attitude, ability to take ownership of projects and help the business automate processes will be key to your success in this role.    Culture and benefits The James Hardie culture encourages and rewards bright people who deliver innovative value to the business. We have a collaborative and empowering work environment that supports diversity, change and innovation and a culture that is supportive and respectful. At James Hardie we will not compromise the safety of our people.  We believe in no injuries to anyone, anytime.    Apply now and be part of a company that is changing the way the world builds. 
About The Company: This is an outstanding opportunity to join a substantial division of a growth focused and highly successful Australian enterprise which delivers a diverse portfolio of services to a broad range of customers throughout Australia. The business, which is headquartered in Sydney, is recognized as a market leader in its sector and is now seeking to appoint a commercially astute finance professional to complement its ongoing growth. About The Role: This role reports to an experienced Procurement & Finance Manager and will support and influence a broad range of stakeholders in Finance, Commercial Management and Supply Chain & Operations. You will use your strong analysis, forecasting and budgeting skills to analyse, challenge and validate a range of financial results which will enable you to deliver insights and value added commentary on trends in financial and operational performance. You will monitor and review the success of strategic initiatives and you will use your financial modelling skills to steer future investment planning decisions with a view to enhancing revenue outcomes, working capital management, operational productivity, longer term profitability and financial performance objectives. As an outgoing and collaborative individual you will also be expected to engage staff across the business in order to add clarity, accountability and insight to business performance improvement initiatives. About You: This highly engaging role is likely to appeal to an astute and proactive CA/CPA who is seeking a stimulating, supportive and highly commercial environment in which to apply their commercial acumen, stakeholder engagement, financial modelling and analytical skills. You should demonstrate prior experience in analysing, reporting and influencing business performance outcomes in a complex and profit-driven commercial environment and financial modelling experience gained a capital investment/business development environment would be highly advantageous. How to Apply? Hit the apply button or Call Raj on 0411 629 814 for a confidential discussion. 
 FIRM This well known accounting firm is an impressive 10 partner firm based in the heart of the Brisbane CBD. This firm takes great pride in their professional reputation in the market and are continually looking for new and innovative ways to grow and service their clients. With multiple offices across multiple states, this firm's 'brand' name wins over many clients. POSITION Due to record growth and also due to the state of the current market, the position of Associate Director/Senior Relationship Manager has been created. This role will focus on client relationship management, new business acquisition and growing the brand name of the firm. This role will require the successful candidate to manage and mentor staff - however this will not be the focus of this position. CANDIDATE The successful candidate will demonstrate the following: CA/CPA 10+ years experience in Australian Public Practice within a Tax/Business Services team A proven track record of winning new business and clients A strong understanding of Australian Tax Law Exceptional communication and presentation The successful candidate will be rewarded with an extremely competitive salary package. Equity will be offered within two years for the right candidate. If this is the opportunity you have been waiting for to fast track yourself to partnership, apply today without hesitation. Alternatively, please call Desha Joseph on 0439 775 709 for a strictly confidential discussion. If you have the above criteria apply below, or phone Desha Joseph 0439 775 709 or email for more information. You can also join our Facebook page to be kept updated with all other opportunities currently available.http://www.facebook.com/pages/ROC-Consulting-Group/229597947063513 or visit our website at www.rocconsulting.com.au 
 We currently have a couple of temporary opportunities available for experienced legal accounts clerks to join 2 leading law firms for a period of 2 to 8 weeks.  Your duties will be varied, including: processing creditor invoices; entering new client/matter creations; entering disbursements; accounts receivable; updating Cashflow Spreadsheet; assisting with end-of-month functions; other duties, as and when required. This role requires your previous experience in a similar position, gained within the legal sector.  Your hours will be flexible, and our client has indicated that they're happy to work with full-time hours, or alternatively, part-time hours. If you have the required experience, and a 'can-do' approach, then we would love to hear from you. What's in it for you?  An attractive hourly rate, flexible hours, the opportunity to work in a well-known and respected law firm, while enjoying a fabulous team environment. Telephone enquiries are welcome to either Maura or Michelle on (08) 8338 0189, or alternatively, please apply by clicking on the 'apply now' button, and provide us with your up-to-date resume in Word format. 
 Medium to Larger Style Clients Attractive Remuneration Package Structured Systems and Processes This forward thinking mid-tier CA firm currently has an exciting opportunity for a client focused Manager looking for a progressive and rewarding career opportunity. Working closely with the partners, your key responsibilities will include managing the team's tax and financial compliance and advisory obligations across all entities, staff supervision, management of internal budgets and team training.  You will also take direct responsibility for the management of key larger clients working across a diversified client base where you will provide general advice in areas such as Capital Gains Tax, GST, FBT, restructuring, cash flow analysis and tax planning. You will require strong delegation and supervisory skills with the ability to manage and mentor staff. With excellent people skills you will also have the ability to manage key client relationships.  The successful candidate will be CA or CPA qualified with a minimum of 8 years business services and tax experience. For more information, please contact Russell Lines on (07) 3360 0889 or email your resume to russell@axiomrecruitment.com.au   AXIOM Recruitment Level 19, Waterfront Place 1 Eagle Street Brisbane QLD 4000 
 Financial Accountant - 3 Months Contract Financial Services Organisation l 3 Months contract $350 + Super Per Day l Interviews to take place ASAP l Immediate start! Overseas Visa Holders Welcome To Apply! Financial Services experience highly desired. The Role: Our client is a large listed Financial Services organisation in the heart of Sydney CBD. They are looking to hire a Senior Financail Accountant to help out during their busy year end period. Immediately available candidates or those on a short notice period will be favoured. Key duties will include; Preparation of accurate and timely daily unit prices and their delivery to users / customers Preparation of the super fund financial statements, tax returns, APRA returns, and other regulatory reporting requirements Responsible for ledger integrity for the super funds Deliver a high level of customer service to internal and external clients, including Investment Manager, Custodian, and Registry Liaise with internal and external service providers, including external investment managers, and fund administrators Involvement in ad hoc projects Key Requirements: Basic market knowledge and interest in the funds management industry Basic accounting and tax knowledge (completion or near completion of relevant degree) Relevant industry experience desirable Willingness to undertake further studies (CPA, ACA, SIA) Good verbal & written communication skills Good interpersonal and relationship skills Demonstrates ability to deal with multiple demands Team player You must be available to interview this week and commence the assignment ASAP. If you are immediately available or on a weeks notice then please apply online today or direct to jack.nicholls@hudson.com 
 nib is a leading health insurer with over 1.2 million customers in Australia and New Zealand. Established more than 60 years ago, nib is Australia's fourth largest and New Zealand's second largest health insurer. nib was the first health insurer to list on the ASX, and today has a market capitalisation of over $2.5 billion. With operations throughout Australia and New Zealand, nib has more than 1300 employees across the Group We are looking for an experienced Payroll Administrator to join our collaborative team for a 12 month contract. Based within our Newcastle Head Office and reporting to the Group Payroll Manager, this great career opportunity will see you process and assist in the coordination and preparation of our fortnightly and monthly payroll processes across the nib group. In addition, you will play a key role in contributing to continuous improvement opportunities to ensure an efficient service to your customers- our employees! As an experienced payroll or accounts administrator, you will know that no day is ever the same! A ˜typical' day in the life of a Payroll Administrator at nib will see you: Preparing and processing fortnightly and monthly payrolls across the nib Group Calculating and processing employee termination payments, salary increases and back pays Processing all relevant variations to standard pay, including allowances, deductions and manual payments on request Assisting with reconciliation of superannuation, PAYG and end of month payroll deductions as well as preparing fortnightly and monthly payroll EFT's Assisting our managers and employees in all things payroll Providing assistance where needed across the accounts payable and payroll team We work in a high volume environment where the customer- our employees, are at the forefront of our minds.  We regularly ˜challenge the norm' and status quo is death, so if you have an enquiring mind where you enjoy working and collaborating to achieve best practice outcomes, this could be your next career move. Why it's worth it You will be part of a proactive, positive and collaborative team where you will play a key partnering role across all levels of the nib Group to provide exceptional service and outcomes for our employees. Nothing beats working in a friendly, interactive and challenging work environment that supports your career development! We will give you the support you need to help balance your career with the things that make your life rich “ such as family, health and doing the things you love. About you You will have previous experience in a similar high volume environment, ideally within an administrative payroll/accounts or finance related role. You will pride yourself on your attention to detail and your ability to provide a high volume of quality work with minimal error. Any previous experience working in Chris21 or a similar finance/payroll database will be highly regarded. Your ability to work collaboratively across all areas of our business coupled with the ability to identify, assess and solve problems will ensure your continued success in this role. Interested in joining our team? Please submit your updated resume and include a cover letter telling us a little more about you. nib is an EEO employer and promotes diversity in the work place. 
 The Company Reputable Services & Products organisation business has a need for an experienced, well rounded Credit Officer to join their Accounts team on a temporary ongoing basis. The Role Reporting directly into the Finance Manager your daily duties will include but not be limited to: Maintain a ledger of major accounts up to 1200 Accounts Daily banking and processing of all debtor receipts, credit card payments/EFT Accurate allocation of all cheques / cash, credit card, BPay and direct deposits Stop and release orders Processing and raising of invoices Collection of overdue accounts Customer service and dispute resolution Reconciliations Skills & Experience To be successful, you will have: Proven and previous experience as an Credit / Accounts Receivable Officer maintaining a large ledger Have had success in reducing outstanding debts and DSO Attention to detail, excellent time management skills and a proactive approach to customers Previous experience with a large ERP System is essential To be considered for this opportunity, pleased submit your application directly by clicking ˜apply' and following the prompts to attach your CV. Your application will be assessed within 3 working days. Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. For further enquiries, please contact Jessica Bradford via Robert Half's Perth branch on (08) 6430 6810. Learn more about our Perth recruitment services: https://www.roberthalf.com.au/recruitment-agency-perth 
 Actuate Recruitment is pleased to present this exceptional opportunity. This iconic food and beverage brand supports the continual growth of their people, boasts world-class sales and manufacturing capabilities, unrivalled relationships and proudly support risk management and internal audit. Reporting directly into the Chief Risk Officer, you will partner with key Business stakeholders to ensure policies are compliant and in line with Board-approved appetites and company strategies. KEY RESPONSIBILITES Lead and participate in internal audits, communicating findings to senior executives Address control weaknesses, identify value-add process improvements as well as best practice Ensure that internal audit reports are commercial, well-written and reflect key issues Liaise with internal audit co-source partners to ensure that reports are written and delivered within agreed timeframes Manage the planning and development of the internal audit plan Contribute to the ˜top down' high level assessment of the organisation's risk profile by assisting with research into current and emerging risks across the Group Assist with managing the Key Risk Indicator framework and produce quarterly ˜bottom up' operational risk reports for the Board Sub-committees in consultation with internal stakeholders, including the escalation of higher risk findings EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS CA or CPA qualification Strong understanding of Risk Management Frameworks and Internal Auditing processes, with a minimum of 10 years of experience, ideally in an FMCG environment Sound knowledge of and experience in applying risk management principles, appropriate strategies to mitigate risk, and the ability to research emerging risks. Commercial acumen with the ability to assess the ˜so what' of key audit findings. Demonstrated results driven behavioural qualities with the ability to meet stringent reporting deadlines in a fast-paced environment. BENEFITS Option to work at home 1 day per week and limit your travel %  Professional, flexible work enviroment with terrific benefts. For more information contact Ryan Jacobs on 0420 979 200, email your resume to  ryan@actuaterecruit.com, or apply directly via the APPLY NOW button. Due to a high volume of applications we may not be able to reply immediately and if you should you not hear from us in 2 weeks, unfortunately your application has not been successful this time. 
Company A large, privately owned Construction group with a well-established name in the market has opportunities for a talented and enthusiastic Accountant to join their Group Finance team.   Based in the Lower North Shore, this organisation prides itself on delivering nothing short of excellence in their work.  Responsibilities Reporting to the Group Financial Controller, this role will see you interacting across the business with responsibility for preparing monthly reporting packs for the groups consolidated financial statements, its projects (including P&L and Balance Sheets), assisting with JV accounting, cash flow preparation and tax reporting (BAS, FBT, and GST).   You will not be afraid of getting into the detail and with a collaborative mindset, you will add commercial value by providing insights where possible.  You will also be tasked with providing technical accounting knowledge with the aim to match commercial substance with the technical accounting outcome.  Requirements You will be CA/CPA qualified and you will have outstanding technical and communication skills. Group reporting exposure is highly favourable.  If this opportunity sounds like the next career move, please send through your CV application to joanna@redpathpartners.com for consideration.  Applications may take 3 - 5 days to process and due to high volumes of applications only successful applicants will be contacted. However, your application will be kept on file so if a suitable position becomes available, you may be contacted.  
ABOUT THE COMPANY AND ROLE Our client is one of Australia's leading community-based healthcare providers who specialise in the provision of in home and in clinic care solutions with a focus on quality and lowered costs. Reporting through to the Chief Financial Officer, they are looking for an experienced Corporate Accountant to manage and supervise the audit process as well as prepare the financial reporting.    DUTIES Prepare the general purpose financial reports; Assist with the month end process for the corporate office; Manage the statutory audit process and liaise with external audit team; Lead the transactional accounting, provide guidance to the AP/AR finance teams; Prepare and maintain accounting policies for the group; and Prepare the ASX reporting and assist with IFRS application. SKILLS & EXPERTISE CA or CPA qualified; Experience in audit, preferably from one of the Big 4; Commercial experience is desirable;  Deep understanding of ASX reporting requirements; Ability to work autonomously and collaboratively within a team; and Strong attention to detail with elite verbal and written communication skills. BENEFITS Professional development and mentoring opportunities Career development CBD Fringe location HOW TO APPLY Click the APPLY button and include your resume. Please be advised our screening process will take approximately 3 to 5 business days from the date this ad was posted. From here, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. 
 Professional & Supportive Environment Impressive Range of Clients Client Engaging Role This leading mid-tier CA firm boasts a quality client portfolio with a variety of medium to larger style corporate clients. This firm continues to experience exciting growth and enjoys a stable and close-knit team environment with a supportive and open culture. With advanced systems and processes and quality resources and support, you will work across an exciting list of larger style clients within an open and supportive team environment. Reporting directly to the Team Manager, you will gain quality client interaction, providing business services and tax accounting services across a range of entities. This is an exciting opportunity for a career focused and team orientated Business Services Senior Accountant looking to progress their career within a challenging and highly rewarding role, where you will gain exposure across a diverse range of quality, larger style corporate clients. The successful candidate will be CA or CPA qualified with 4 to 6 years business services experience. For more information, please contact Russell Lines on (07) 3360 0889 or email your resume to russell@axiomrecruitment.com.au   AXIOM Recruitment Level 19, Waterfront Place 1 Eagle Street Brisbane QLD 4000 
 OUR BUSINESS Village Building Co. is a property development and building company that works across the full spectrum of residential development including land, house and land, apartments and mixed-use developments.  With a sales turnover of around $200m, the company has an extensive track record in delivering products that respond to market demand.  This involves all aspects of development including acquisition, financing, planning, engineering, design and the subdivision/building construction process. We believe that every Australian should be able to fulfill their home ownership dreams in a community they can be proud of, and at a price they can afford.  Since 1988 this belief has helped us build thriving communities in Canberra, Wollongong, Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane as well as other regional centres. THE ROLE Based in our Canberra office, the Financial Accountant has responsibility for ensuring the production of high quality, informative, accurate and timely financial accounts and financial reporting.  They are seen as an expert and mentor and provide outstanding customer service to all customers, working with business partners to provide proactive effective financial, taxation advice and guidance on finance policies and processes. KEY DUTIES  Primary responsibilities include: - The delivery of all financial accounting activities including: -   Preparation and detailed analysis of monthly management accounts; Processing general ledger journals; Preparing reconciliations on a monthly basis for all general ledger items; Liaison with business managers around risks and anomalies in the financial numbers and processes; Preparation and analysis of syndicate reports and documentation; Detailed analysis and reporting of budget variances, with quality commentary; Preparation of statutory accounts and working papers; Maintaining fixed assets register; Detailed review of payments; Undertaking monthly tax effect accounting for the Group; and Effective audit liaison. Adherence to ASIC and other regulatory requirements. Participating and contributing to the budgeting and forecasting process.   THE PERSON  You'll be a customer service focused professional, with a strong background in working collaboratively with business partners to provide a high level of financial support to the business.  You'll have a minimum 5 years experience working in a similar role, be CA / CPA qualified, have advanced Excel skills and project accounting experience.  Recent experience in property and / or construction will be well regarded.  You'll be a team player who enjoys achieving deadlines and is able to demonstrate a high degree of attention to detail and problem solving.       APPLY NOW   Applications close Friday 27 April 2018. 
 Sisters of the Little Company of Mary Hurstville, Sydney The Little Company of Mary is an international congregation of Catholic women Religious who have committed their lives to pray and care for the suffering and dying of the world. Founded in England in 1877 by Venerable Mary Potter, the LCM spirit was carried to Australia in 1885. The Sisters' reputation for compassion and care quickly led to invitations to serve communities across Australia. Today, throughout Australia, New Zealand and Tonga, LCM women and their associates and partners in mission are working for the betterment of humanity. Responding to mission calls, the LCM: Offer prayer at all times that all might know the fullness of life and we have a special concern for the sick and the dying; Provide affordable and accessible housing for older persons, especially in Christchurch NZ; Work with refugees, and those alienated from their human rights; Support in prayer and presence the health care ministries founded by the Sisters and now governed by Calvary Ministries. Reporting to the Province Leader and as a member of the executive, the Business Manager is directly responsible for the financial, accounting, company secretarial, business and administrative management of the operation of the Province, which includes Australia, New Zealand and Tonga. Experienced finance and accounting practitioners are encouraged to visit www.traksearch.com for further information; and learn how to easily progress an interest in this role. Closing Date: Monday 30th April 2018. 
 Part Time Payroll Officer  Join our small friendly team Attractive salary and salary sacrifice Islington based role 32 hours per week Lifestyle Solutions has grown to become one of the major leaders and innovators in the Community Services sector in Australia. We are a National Accredited Not for Profit organisation with a rapidly growing workforce of 2,000 passionate and talented people who committed to providing person centred, flexible and responsive support services for our community. The key to our success lies in our dedication to delivering person centred solutions, to equality and social justice and outcomes that are important for everyone. We are passionate about partnering with people to develop support systems which reflect their individuality, interests, vision and culture. As we look to the future, we're more focused than ever on attracting the best talent for our organisation. We are currently seeking an experienced Payroll Officer to join our small friendly team based in Islington Newcastle. Reporting to the Payroll Manager the role is a varied and interesting one and will see you; Processing a large fortnightly and two weekly payroll Assisting Senior Payroll Officer and Accountant with month end consolidation Ensuring on-going maintenance of payroll system (Sage Micropay) Updating payroll records, including terminations and new starters Liaising with staff and management on payroll queries Maintaining leave, sickness and overtime records Assisting in the interpretation of awards/agreements and contracts Processing time sheets, coding and calculations for overtime, allowances etc Calculating and paying termination payments Providing a range of payroll administration support The successful candidate will have a track record in a payroll processing role using computer based payroll systems such as Sage Micropay and experience interpreting awards and payroll legislation and processes ie. tax, superannuation.Working as part of a close knit, supportive team you will have excellent communication and interpersonal skills at all levels, a customer service focus and excellent attention to detail. For further information on this position, contact Kevin Thorpe, Payroll Manager, on;(02) 4014 7858 during business hours. APPLICATIONS CLOSE:  Sunday 6th May 2018. We encourage you to apply as soon as possible as we will be actively shortlisting during the advertising period and reserve the right to close this advert prior to the advertised date. We are an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer and are committed to building a workplace culture that values diversity and inclusion. We welcome, actively support and promote the employment of people with disability, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders, LGBTI, Culturally and Linguistically Diverse (CALD) backgrounds and other diversity groups. As part of our process selected applicants will be required to undergo employment screening and probity checks prior to commencing. 
 What's The Business? Our client is a global competitor supplying businesses with top-end products and services in a competitive distribution market. Headquartered in Europe and with a large APAC presence, the turnover for the ANZ / Asia region is approximately $350m. Located in the CBD, they have an outstanding company culture that encourages inclusion and development. What's The Role? Sat within operations, the purpose of the role is to streamline a key revenue stream for a large income area of the business. A highly commercial role, the current process is complex due to multiple revenue inlets and overlapping systems (both customised in-house and external). The role you'll play is to partner with the finance and operations team to: reconcile and migrate large amounts of data use VBA and SQL to manipulate data and create improved modelling tools test and document the end-to-end process identify opportunities for improved market analysis, ROI and revenue channels control the scope of the project through effective time management Who Are They looking For? Our client is looking for an immediately available, highly proactive and driven individual to support a dynamic project team. The project needs someone who can step into a fast-paced organisation with a level head, seeing what's at hand through a finance lens. You will be given the freedom to express yourself, thinking outside the box to provide recommendations and suggestions. Should you be interested, please click APPLY or alternatively please call Giles at TwoScots Recruitment on 03 8624 2513 for a confidential discussion about this opportunity. 
 The Company Aston Carter has been engaged exclusively to recruit an Accounts Payable Officer on a part time fixed-term contract basis for an initial 6 months with scope for extension for up to 9 months! This is a fantastic opportunity to get yourself back into the market to work for an organisation where you can truly feel like you are making a difference! The role is situated in the Bella Vista surrounds with parking available onsite. The company is seeking a technically strong and team-oriented Accounts Payable Officer to join their team. The role presents an opportunity to gain experience in a high performing, high volume environment. Get back into the market with a leading organisation in a terrific part time opportunity! The Role This Accounts Payable Officer will be responsible for and not limited to the following duties: Scanning invoices into the system (Technology One) Processing supplier invoices Coordinate the accounts payable system, including vendor details, record of payments and filing systems Payment runs Supplier query management End of month reporting General ledger invoice coding GST coding Your profile The successful candidate will have the following experience and skillset:   Minimum 3 years experience in an Accounts Payable role Technology One experience is preferred Scanning software experience Positive work attitude Competent with excel For more information you can call Jonathan Daskalakis in our Greater Western Sydney office on (02) 8894 2702 quoting Job Reference 504930 or alternatively, apply online below. 
 The Company TwoScots are delighted to partner with this global FMCG beast based in the South. Due to the growth of the business, they have a requirement for an up and coming Finance Manager to join their journey and help drive future changes. The role has a good balance of technical accounting and business partnering and will see you partnering with key stakeholders both internally and externally. The Role Managing and mentoring a small team Driving process improvements and streamline reports and systems Support the key areas of the business Completing the month end process, forecasts and budgets and statutory accounts Managing the cash flow Analytical duties as required Your Experience We are looking for a highly driven Finance Manager, who will ideally have: Strong management skills and previous management experience Your CA or CPA qualification Advanced Excel skills and great systems knowledge A strong work ethic with a great attitude Ability to hit tight deadlines Exceptional interpersonal skills Culture & Benefits: Young & vibrant culture Mentoring & progression opportunities Work close to home in the South Ability to work with a dynamic business who are doing great things in their industry Click APPLY or alternatively please call Zoe at TwoScots Recruitment on 03 8624 2506 for a confidential discussion about this opportunity. 
 Australian Clinical Labs was created through the merger of Healthscope, St John of God and Perth Pathology. Through the long term relationships with these organisations and our public hospital contracts, Clinical Labs is now a leading provider of Hospital/Specialist pathology services in Australia. We see our future in the industry as taking a leadership role in science, technology, people and process. With nearly 4,000 staff, 88 accredited pathology laboratories and over 1020 collection centres, we have a strong footprint across Australia. ACL recognises our primary responsibility is to the patients and practitioners in the communities we service. We are focused on continuously reviewing and improving our operations, IT systems, logistics, medical technologies/robotics and processes to ensure effective and efficient service, and to sustain our long-term financial viability. Reporting to the CFO you will be responsible for driving and leading end to end Payroll functions for our business as well as provide training and development to the Payroll Officers within the team. You will evaluate customer needs in a diverse environment and initiate process improvements that will help streamline the constantly evolving payroll function. Primary responsibilities include (but are not limited to): Drive and lead the delivery of effective Payroll operations. Provide leadership, monitor performance, training and development as required to the payroll team Initiate process improvements that will help streamline the constantly evolving payroll function. Ensuring payroll arrangements comply with EBA's and awards. Analysis of payroll data and practices, applying relevant laws, regulations and principles. Coordinate, direct and control payroll preparation, processing and distribution; Managing payroll journals, reconciliations and statutory returns (Superannuation, Payroll Tax, Workers Compensation). Conduct audits and evaluate payroll operations, identify and implement opportunities to improve payroll performance and efficiency. Key attributes we are seeking include: > 5 Years Supervisor Payroll experience. Tertiary qualifications in a related discipline. Demonstrated ability to lead and manage a payroll team. Demonstrated knowledge of superannuation, payroll taxation legislation and other payroll processes.  Excellent attention to detail and ability to work with large volumes of data.  Sound understanding of Industrial Awards/ Enterprise Agreements/ salary grades and HR Policies and procedures. PayGlobal experience would be highly regarded in this role. Exposure/experience with Health industrial instruments would be highly regarded. In return we offer an attractive salary package and the opportunity to join a progressive company during an exciting time of change and growth.   
 Beiersdorf is a leading Fast Moving Consumer Goods (FMCG) company with over 120 years of history in the skincare industry and over 16,000 employees across the globe. Our much loved, iconic global brands are NIVEA, Elastoplast, Elastoplast Sport and Leuko, with the majority of our products being number 1 or 2 in their category. We are proud of our business and brands; and proud to have great people working for us as we continue on our path of success.   About the Role An exciting opportunity has opened up for a recent Commerce / Economics graduate or experienced Assistant Finanical Accountant, looking for an entry level opportunity. This full-time Assistant Financial Accountant role will see you working within the successful finance team with outstanding engagement scores. Reporting to the Financial Accountant, you will learn the business from the ground up and be exposed to varied accounting functions. Duties include but are not limited to the timely assistance with month end processing and forecast reporting as well as on-time reporting of monthly internal control reviews. This role will also see you preparing FBT Income Tax information in relation to employee expenses. Furthermore, you will responsible for the accurate and complete management of the Fixed Asset Register. This role will also play as a dedicated back up for the Accounts receive, payables coordinator and financial accountant when necessary.   About You A recent Graduate (with a credit average) or current AFA with up to one year's experience A committed, self-motivated individual with a strong ability to learn and a go getter with loads of initiative and the ability to multi task with time pressures Ability to work autonomously while being a strong team player Strong attention to detail Organisational skills and excellent time management Currently undergoing or eligible to complete CA/CPA accreditation. Intermediate skills in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Experience with SAP will be highly regarded   More About Us We have a passionate workforce, with great people coming together to work with some of the world's best known household skin care brands. Combine this with the fact that our Company Values underpin everything we do, and you get a really special place to work. At Beiersdorf we work hard, but have a lot of fun doing it!  Our unique company culture provides the foundation for you to be part of a fun, collaborative team, and grow both personally and professionally. The role will be located at our modern Macquarie Park premises with free onsite parking, onsite Gym and company subsidised personal training! 
 The Company A dominant national Top 20 Accounting firm who specialise in servicing the needs of private clients, SME's and national organisations. This firm focuses on developing long-term relationships with their clients based on ongoing communication and contact. In this office, they have over 6 Partners and 60 staff, as a collective their top priority is to continue to build on their reputation as the "trusted adviser". The Position As a senior accountant, some of the duties you will be responsible for are: Preparation of tax returns and financial statements for Companies, Partnerships & Trusts Consulting with clients and assist with preparing taxation advice, restructuring, asset protection and estate planning Develop strong and longstanding relationships with existing and new clients Helping other team members encouraging collaborative work Benefits Using the latest Cloud software in a paperless environment Highly focused on client satisfaction Diverse client base to broaden knowledge and skillset Full study support - paid leave and fees covered Collaborative and supportive working environment Professional development programs with clear career paths Competitive salaries and bonuses About You Hold a relevant degree qualification CA or CPA Qualified / Near completion 4 years + experience as a Business Services Accountant Experience dealing with clients directly, face to face meetings is a bonus Experience using MYOB & XERO Clear communication skills, both written and verbal Be comfortable communicating with staff at all levels If you are interested in this opportunity or would like more information, please apply below for a confidential discussion. Sam Sweeney 
 This large CBD Practice is highly respected in the Adelaide market and offers a great place to work for career focused accountants and auditors. Following a recent promotion, an opportunity now exists for an Audit Manager to take responsibility for a growing Audit team. The successful candidate may already be a Manager/Supervisor or you may be a Senior Auditor ready to step up and take on additional responsibility. The person we are seeking will have a passion for servicing audit clients and will be a self motivated and career focussed candidate. You will enjoy the role of managing a team and assisting others to be the best they can. We are looking for someone who has completed their CA or CPA and has been working in audit in a local accounting firm for several years. Your communication and leadership abilities will be excellent. Australian Audit experience is essential. Apply confidentially to jason.hudson@hays.com.au or call me on 82310820 to discuss the role personally. 
RESPONSIBILITIES:   This role requires strong expertise in financial analysis and data modelling You will be responsible for assisting with the preparation of business cases You will be responsible for analysing financial data from the collection and creation of financial models for decision making Preparation and analysis of business plans for investments Preparation of financial models and process analysis   YOUR BACKGROUND:   CA/CPA qualifications ideal Background in financial analysis and business case analysis Advanced Excel ideal and experience with large FMIS necessary Excellent written and verbal communication skills a must Virginia Field has significant experience in recruiting accounting and finance roles in the Canberra market.  If you have a finance background and would like to have a confidential chat with Virginia about your career, don't hesitate to call (02) 6113 7528.   
 Client: Our client is a leading international accounting firm with a large footprint throughout Australia and the Asia Pacific. They are expanding at a fast rate and have a solid portfolio of clients both domestically and internationally. Their service to clients is second to none and this opportunity will expose you to bigger and more complex client engagements that will enhance your career.   Position: This position will entail you to a wealth of knowledge in Corporate & International Tax, Private Business Tax Consulting, Employment Taxes, Tax Effect Accounting, R&D Tax and Transfer Pricing. This role provides you with an opportunity to build on your technical experience and increase your client ownership. You will manage a team on engagements that will have a good balance of compliance and tax advisory across a range of clients.    Required Experience:  Bachelor Degree, CA/CPA qualifications  Big 4 / Mid tier accounting firm background  Broad exposure to corporate tax, not pigeonholed into one area  Strong leadership skills, ability to mentor staff and training  Effective communication skills, building strong rapport with clients  Previously dealt with international clients   Benefits: Career progression Collaborative environment Study Support Central Location Very strong team, exposure to a broader tax role 
Mills Resources has been engaged by a trusted client to partner with them in the recruitment of a Senior Accountant/Assistant Manager to join their accounting practice on a permanent basis.  The firm believes in the promotion of a balanced lifestyle and encourages staff to engage in networking and social functions in addition to the challenging daily workload faced as the business looks to continue its growth organically.  With a generous remuneration package on offer to the suitable candidate as well as Free parking on site and a wealth of options available close by from a shopping and lunch perspective, this is the role that will ultimately define your career. Role and responsibilities: Handling complex compliance work including but not limited to preparation of tax returns and financial statements for individuals, companies, trusts and partnerships. Managing and reviewing BAS, CGT and FBT. Conducting tax planning face to face with clients requiring exceptional communication skills. Preparing cash flow forecasts, researching tax matters where required and assisting in the preparation of annual client budgets. Liasing with and building relationships with clients, the ATO and other bodies as relevant and required. Providing advice to a large and varied client base.  Managing and monitoring staff performance and reviews and conducting training sessions.  The Ideal Candidate Requirements: Hold at least 6+ years recent Australian tax and business services experience CA/CPA qualified Experience dealing directly with clients is essential Excellent verbal and written skills Have had exposure to large clients with multiple entities and structures with turnover exceeding $10-20mil  If you feel you have what the role requires as well as the drive to succeed and progress your career further towards Manager and ultimately Directorship in the longer term, then please don't hesitate to contact Ross Stephens on 0447 346 883 to discuss this great opportunity further! 
 2IC Accountant role at a leading Australian Organisation Your new company This progressive organisation are seeking an hands on individual to play a key role in its finance team. Having gone through a period of change and development, this organisation is looking to recruit a talented accountant. Your new role Reporting to the head of department, you act as a 2IC in an all-round capacity. You will be responsible for the production of insightful management reporting whilst supporting the budgeting and forecasting process along with the being responsible for fixed assets and FBT. In this role you will be part of a very hands on team in a collaborative culture. Your experience and confidence will be very important in communicating with key stakeholders and helping the organisation make key strategic decisions. What you'll need to succeed You will be a proactive, qualified accountant with high level attention to detail. You will have proven experience working in a similar role and have a very hands on approach. It is essential that you are a real team player with strong business acumen to influence the success of the organisation. What you'll get in return You will be offered a competitive salary of $90,000 - $100,000 plus super, commensurate to experience. You'll enjoy the benefit of working in a supportive team environment in a central CBD location with real work life balance. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to Sam Sarsfield at sam.sarsfield@hays.com.au. 
Mills Resources has been engaged by a successful, multi-partner business with 25 staff to recruit on their behalf for an Intermediate level Tax Accountant with 2-3 years experience. If you are ready for your next career move and and exciting, challenging environment then this is the move to make! The firm has over 25 staff and offers its client base from various industries a full suite of services including tax, business advisory, smsf accounting and financial planning. Offering the successful candidate a competitive remuneration package, opportunity to work directly with clients, direct support and training from Big 4 trained and experienced Managers, this firm is growing as it attracts new clients. Role and responsibilities: Handling complex compliance work including but not limited to preparation of tax returns and financial statements for individuals, companies, trusts and partnerships. Assisting with clients requiring exceptional communication skills. Assisting in the preparation of cash flow forecasts, researching tax matters where required and assisting in the preparation of annual client budgets. Working closely with other similarly experience team members. Providing support and advice to a large and varied client base.  Partaking in training and development programs and mentoring groups. The Ideal Candidate Requirements: Must have 2-3 years recent Australian tax and business services experience Part CA or CPA Qualified  Experience dealing directly with clients  Excellent verbal and written skills Have had exposure to large clients with multiple entities and structures with turnover exceeding $20million If you feel you have what the role requires as well as the drive to succeed and progress your career further in the longer term, then please don't hesitate to contact Ross Stephens on 0447 346 883 to discuss in confidence, or APPLY NOW below. 
 About the Role This position presents an opportunity for an experienced accounts professional to utilise their accounts payable, receivable or accounts administration skills working for a growing fund manager in the financial services sector. You will be responsible for varied accounts processing, reporting and administrative functions specific to the lending portfolio. This role will provide excellent career development within the finance arena, with training and support provided from a highly experienced team. Duties & Responsibilities Assisting with the calculation of loan repayment details, ensuring payout figures are correct and investors receive correct entitlements Managing the calculation of payments, interest and fees for settlement Preparing and distributing monthly statements and invoices to borrowers Updating and maintaining weekly lending figures for reporting Processing payments to borrowers and preparing instructions for payment to the Trust Company Assisting with monthly and quarterly management reports Administering securities and insurance registers Providing support with BAS returns Working with the finance team across end of month reporting processes Skills & Experience required This role will suit an individual with a background in accounts payable and receivable, accounts administration, bookkeeping or lending processing roles. Experience working with financial data, administering accounts and payments and monthly reporting is required. Intermediate to advanced skills in Microsoft Excel Corporate presentation and professional communication skills are essential A high level of accuracy and attention to detail is required You will be a true team player and the type of individual where no task is too big or too small Benefits & Culture The opportunity to join an established company which continues to experience extensive growth This is a newly created role which you will have the scope to make your own and develop as you establish yourself within the business You will enjoy working in an open and social office culture with regular staff activities and performance-based bonuses Genuine work life balance will be provided working 8.30am -5.00pm Monday to Friday (limited to no overtime requirements) This organisation is located in the heart of the City close to public transport, shops, cafes and restaurants Finally, we have had the pleasure of working with this client for many years. They have extremely low staff turnover and we always receive excellent feedback from our placed candidates. About the Company This organisation is one of Australia's fastest growing boutique fund managers. Their business provides a diverse suite of investment offerings including managed investment funds, lending, property management and developments and acquisitions. Click on the APPLY button, or contact Talisha Lynn on 07 3846 7730 
 Company Background Our client is an established multinational education business who are rapidly expanding their Australian business. A privately owned business, their fantastic growth has been thanks to their excellent products and exemplary customer service they provide. With offices across Australia and New Zealand and others in China, they pride themselves on their great connectivity between their offices. Their supportive and collaborative finance team has a great tenure and is a testament to our client's great culture   The Role As the Accounts Payable Officer, your responsibilities will include (but are not limited to): Full function Accounts Payable Reconciliation of stock and supplier accounts Credit card expenses including reconciliation and coding Fleet management including insurance Assisting with month end reconciliations Ad hoc duties as required   Your Background To be considered for this role, you should have the following skills and attributes: Significant experience of high volume full function AP Experience of using a large ERP system Previous exposure to accounting practices and procedures Excellent written and verbal communication skills   You must be bright, bubbly and enjoy working collaboratively with internal stakeholders. Because it is a very busy environment where ad hoc tasks will be thrown your way on a daily basis, you will also be someone who has good initiative and the ability to resolve problems alone. This is a great role for someone looking for a new challenge and a busy but friendly working environment.   If you are keen to apply for this Accounts Payable Officer role, please contact Louise Kelly at Richard Lloyd on 02 8324 5643, quoting reference 3952 or click on 'apply now' below. Please submit your CV in Word format and note that due to the high volume of responses we receive only suitable candidates will be contacted.   
 Opportunity to join a large growing mid-tier Frequent and structured training Great growth potential My client is a top chartered accounting firm has a new opening in their tax division for a senior accountant. This company boasts an international network that allows you to constantly grow vertically in supportive learning environment and also give you the exposure not only to SME's but also middle markets and large corporate organisations, vital to your growing tax knowledge. Some of the duties in this role include: Preparing income tax returns and FBT for consolidated groups and international companies Preparing and analysing financial statements and trial balance obtained by clients and determine suitable tax treatments Completing and lodging BAS, IAS and consolidated activity statements Calculation of Capital Gains Tax Drafting initial tax advice and reports Liaise with the ATO and ASIC on behalf of clients Working with clients in diverse industries expanding from middle market to corporate/strategic market Ideally the successful candidate will have: Minimum 3 year's experience in a tax or business services role Relevant tertiary qualifications CA studying or CA qualified Excellent communication and interpersonal abilities Driven, ambitious and eager to learn If this is for you, please "Apply"below or email your CV to jmanoogian@hartrec.com.au. For a confidential discussion, please contact Julie on (02) 8296 5888.      
 Join a reputable boutique firm with excellent client portfolio. Flexible working, supportive environment Your new company A reputable boutique firm based in St Kilda Road are looking for an experienced senior accountant to join their team. This is a progressive and motivated team who work with a diverse client portfolio with HNW individuals. Your new role In this challenging client facing role, you will be managing an established client portfolio, and will be responsible for the following: Preparation of tax returns, financial statements and company trusts and super funds Providing tax advice to clients Developing client relationships Mentoring junior staff members What you'll need to succeed You have experience in a high performance culture and this will include face to face client contact as well as a current and comprehensive knowledge of relevant tax legislation and usage of BGL. Ideally you will be CA/CPA qualified or near completion and have a minimum of 4 years experience working for a quality Australian accounting firm. In this role you will gain exposure to a broad range of client services and continue to develop further relationship management skills in a supportive and successful team. There are excellent opportunities for career development and you will be exposed to on-going technical and personal development training. What you'll get in return You will have the opportunity to work in a dynamic, fast paced environment. Work in a modern office with a collaborative culture, in an excellent Inner CBD location. You will be rewarded with a highly competitive remuneration package, enviable client base and an environment where you can be develop and given opportunities to advance your career. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Gary France on 9649691. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 About the Role The successful applicant will be working alongside 2 other Accounts Payable personnel.   Duties & Responsibilities High volume data entry and invoice validation Reconciliation of supplier's statements Processing payment runs Bank reconciliations Data input of fixed asset purchases Monthly audit and maintenance reports Assist with motor fleet management reports Assist with the production of various management reports Effectively liaising with internal staff and responding promptly to queries from other departments Skills & Experience A highly motivated accounts/administration professional with a minimum of 2 years' accounts experience capable of managing multiple priorities at once Medium to high volume processing experience Fast and accurate data entry Attention to detail with the ability to identify and resolve issues in a timely manner Time management focus with the ability to prioritise and meet all dead lines and KPI's Strong Excel skills highly regarded Ability to maintain a high standard of work Works well in a team environment Excellent communication skills Why work with us? Employees at Coral Homes are able to access a wide range of benefits including Home supplies discounts Discount on New Home Builds Social club in the office  Casual dress Friday Paid Business Day Team Building Corporate Discount on Private Health Insurance About the company Coral Homes is one of the largest and most respected home builders in Australia, with a vast building area and display home network spanning much of the eastern seaboard, and a reputation for consistently delivering on a core promise of value for money, quality and outstanding customer service.ã Driving our success is a culture of excellence; from our sales consultants to our Head Office staff and tradespeople every member of the Coral Homes team is committed to providing a rewarding experience to each and every one of our customers, and we are dedicated to recruiting and developing innovative and passionate people as the basis of our future growth and success. How to Apply If you feel you have the necessary experience and drive to meet the challenges of this position, and can demonstrate how you meet the skills and attributes, please send your Cover Letter and Resume now. Only those selected for interview will be contacted, therefore we thank all applicants in advance Australian, Australia Permanent Residence and candidate with full-work rights in Australia to apply only. 
 Contract opportunity for a Debt Collection Officer for a large Government department based in Parramatta Your new company This large state Government department based in Parramatta has a fantastic contract opportunity for a Debt Collection Officer / Credit Controller to join them on a contract basis. Your new role You'll be working within a shared service environment with a large team of Debt Collection Officers and your role will primarily involve high volume telephone calls to obtain debt and negotiate repayment terms & conditions and where required, commence debt recovery action. You will also be responding to email enquiries and requests from customers. You will be using SAP for processing. What you'll need to succeed You will be able to demonstrate strong experience in a similar position within a debt collection or credit control position and proven experience managing high volume telephone calls. You will be a clear and concise communicator who is confident dealing with sensitive matters and maintaining relationships with customers. It is essential you have great attention to detail and data entry skills. SAP experience is preferable, but not essential. What you'll get in return This is a great role for someone who loves working in a busy environment and is self-motivated and enjoys customer service. You will be available to start immediately and will receive a highly competitive hourly rate. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. 
Opportunity: Become part of a highbrow 3 Partner CA firm located in the inner city suburbs. This firm prides itself on providing an effective service to a multimillion dollar client base. The clients, alongside the staff and the Partners, are integral to creating a fun and engaging environment for accountants to grow and prosper.  Benefits: You will benefit from internal training and external training, thorough process and procedures and a combination of  highly intellectual Partners and staff and complex  clients.  Your role: You will be a resource across 3 Partners but will be rewarded from vast client exposure and you will forge your own client relationships and networks. All whilst making friends with circa 30 accountants. Other: The office is located close to public transport and has parking available.  Requirements: You must be able to prepare tax returns and financial statements for different entities, e.g. Companies, trust. Complete BAS' and have experience or exposure to Div7a, UPE, CGT, FBT etc 3 years working in a CA/CPA Firm in Australia. Willingness to work hard and be dedicated to their career development.   Strong personal skills as the role will include interaction with clients, accountants, bookkeepers and regulatory bodies.   CA/CPA qualified or part qualified.  How to apply: Please apply below now to Piers Brelsford. For a confidential discussion regarding this opportunity contact Piers on 03 9946 7315, piers@lawsondelaney.com.au Lawson Delaney: Lawson Delaney is Melbourne's premier specialist recruitment firm working with the Accounting Profession. When you view the profiles of our Directors you will know that you are working with the most experienced and highest achieving consultants. We are here to help you with your career!  http://www.lawsondelaney.com.au/ 
Reporting into the AR Manager of this Australian market leader and working as part of a team, you'll be responsible for a portion of the AR function. Your duties will include credit control, allocations, receipting, recs and debtors reporting. You'll also handle escalated AR queries (internal and external) and will have input around improvement of AR processes. You may also be required to assist in other areas, when the need arises. You are an experienced Accounts Receivable professional, seeking a flexible working environment and a work/life balance. You'll have outstanding communication skills (written & verbal), an eye for detail and minimum 2-3 years' previous AR experience (preferably within a Corporate environment). Experience using a large ERP such as SAP is essential. This opportunity is to commence immediately. Candidates on work Visa's will be considered. If you are interested in this opportunity, please 'Apply'. 
 Pivotal Role for an Experienced Finance Manager Your new company Kesser Torah College is a Jewish educational facility based in Dover Heights, offering Jewish Education and care for children aged 2 years - Year 12. The school is committed to enhancing academic and extra-curricular learning for each child as an individual, and to providing the highest quality Jewish and Secular education, as well as pastoral care, to over 380 students. They strive to provide excellence in education, within a respectful and nurturing environment to help each student reach their full potential. Your new role Reporting directly to the CEO, you will be responsible for the full finance function of the school including managing the cash flows, donations, grants and reporting. Managing a small team, y our experience and confidence will be extremely important in communicating with key stakeholders to create stable and long-lasting relationships, in order to implement essential business decisions. You will also proactively work to improve and implement processes in order to better improve the organisation. What you'll need to succeed You will need to be a qualified, experienced senior finance professional with a high degree of self-motivation and a meticulous eye for detail. You will be technically astute a nd will have excellent communication skills, as well as experience managing and mentoring staff . Ideally, you will come from an education background or have a strong motivation to work in education. You will also have the ability to build excellent relationships across all areas of the organisation and work with a variety of different stakeholders. What you'll get in return An attractive six figure salary package will be offered to attract the right individual commensurate with experience, along with 4 weeks annual leave plus all Jewish Holidays (equating to approximately 10 days extra leave) and parking as an added benefit. The school also offers real work life balance and flexibility. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to Sam Sarsfield at sam.sarsfield@hays.com.au, or call us now (02) 8226 9600. 
 The Firm A global Big 4 consultancy with celebrated teams in tax, advisory, audit and digital. An environment in which to thrive, but in your own way. A different approach to employee experience. Unrivalled offices and access to technology. The Role An opportunity to join a tax team with a niche technical focus, and grow as an expert in employment taxes. A chance to take responsibility for an established, capable team and the development of its members. From day one, you will find that your role is challenging in different ways, and that the day-to-day is a varied affair. You can expect to enjoy: Providing value-add advice to corporate clients on a range of issues, and ensuring compliance with employment-related tax provisions Running engagements from end-to-end, from budgeting to reporting Leading the team in process improvement activities, and innovating to enhance client experience FBT compliance activities Coaching and developing an ambitious, talented team The Ideal Candidate If you're still reading, and would like to hear more, perhaps it's time to apply. To succeed in the role, the following attributes are going to be important: Degree-qualified and a commitment to the tax profession, e.g. CA, CTA, Master of Tax Superb communication skills Strong tax experience, even if not already focused on employment taxes An interest in building a career in employment tax Solid experience in a chartered firm, and a desire to join a Big 4 team An interest in working in a supportive environment, and the ability to slot into an ethically-minded culture What are you waiting for? To apply online, please click on the appropriate link. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Toby Tank on (02) 9221 0099. For a full review of our active roles, please visit our website at www.brewermorris.com. 
About The Firm Leading accounting firm specialising in business services, tax and business advisory. They develop staff within the firm by providing exposure to a broad and varied client base and ongoing training and opportunities while working within a positive team culture that preserves a healthy balance between work and life.  As the result of an internal promotion an exciting opportunity now exists for a talented senior / supervisor accountant to join the business solutions team.  About The Role Reporting into the partner with regular client contact the main focus of the position will be: Statutory compliance for companies, trusts and SMSFs Preparation of Management Reports Attending client meetings and providing insight into growth opportunities and areas of efficiency gains Tax planning and restructuring Managing and delegating workflow amongst a small team In addition to ad hoc tasks as assigned from time to time. Incentives Chatswood Location Client facing role Employer of choice; very positive working culture Full CA study support Work/life balance Clear path to Manager About You Track record of success working with small to medium sized business Demonstrated experience working with a broad range of stakeholders CA/CPA qualified or part qualified Passion for advisory work highly regarded If you are interested in finding out more about this or any other role Ford Peterson is recruiting please apply now or contact Scot Connolly 02 8007 4784 scot.connolly@fordpeterson.com 
 GWF is one of Australia and New Zealand's largest food manufacturers employing around 6,000 people across 60 sites.  GWF's product range is diverse and includes leading brands of breads, baked goods, smallgoods, flour, milled products and animal feed.  GWF's four business units include: Tip Top, Don, MAURI and Jasol. GWF is a wholly owned subsidiary of Associated British Foods plc (ABF), one of the world's leading food companies.  ABF operates in four categories: grocery; primary food agriculture; ingredients; and retail. It has a global turnover of circa £12.9 billion with 118,000 employees and operations in 47 countries. Operating across many growth markets, GWF is in a prime position to leverage its diverse range of businesses.  To extract maximum value, these ambitious plans require significant uplift in leadership and organisational capabilities, underpinned by a high performance culture.  This position is based at our North Ryde office Position purpose The Group Management Accountant is responsible for timely and accurate GWF management reporting and supporting business with data analytics. The role is the main reference point and contact for business units to assist with reporting, forecasting, budgeting and other analytics. The Management Accountant will also gain valuable insight into the performance drivers of each of the Business Units and GWF overall.  The role will also involve bringing to life commercial and financial aspects of the business to drive and improve performance. Specifically, this involves analysis, interpretation and reporting of results including identifying opportunities and applying commercial acumen to ensure timely and robust decision making. The role will involve stakeholder management across the GWF business and be a reliable business partner, critical to success. The role reports in to the Group Financial controller.  KEY RESPONSIBILITIES  Providing insights and analysis  Fact based approach in supporting the underlying business performance. Understanding the key commercial drivers across business units, identifying trends, issues and opportunities. Develop excellent working relationships with GWF and Business Unit Finance functions providing regular feedback on key priorities and securing agreement to activities and plans. Using deep knowledge of Business Units plans, issues and opportunities to work across GWF to resolve cross divisional issues to the benefit of GWF as a whole.  Finance Projects Leading / supporting projects both at a group and business unit level as required. Project financial modelling - building financial models to support business development projects Working on group wide control and governance projects where required. Supporting the group with projects in GWF that require centre support (e.g BI Projects, M&A analysis etc) Continuous Improvement Highlighting the key business issues, trends, opportunities and sensitivities across the GWF industries.  Ensuring management information is accurate, timely and meaningful. Facilitate the sharing of best practice and new ideas across the finance community. Identify continuous improvement opportunities and bring them to life. Finance Support and Review Play a vital role in the group's planning, budgeting and forecasting processes and deliver key insights to, and analysis of, BU plans. Support monthly consolidation, ABF reporting for period actuals, year- end, forecast and budgets. This includes compilation of the corporate forecast and coordinating the business unit submissions. Providing financial support to Group Finance and Business Units as required. Develop relationship with ABF and business units, understand their areas of focus and pro-actively assist as required.    DESRIED ATTRIBUTES AND EXPERIENCE 7-10 years experience as a Management Accountant  Qualified Accountant Preferred CIMA qualified, CA or CPA with commercial experience Masters/Accounting Degree withdemonstrated experience in a commercial environment. Experience in preparing management reports and providing insightful analysis. Ability to prioritise tasks, work under pressure and meet stringent deadlines Excellent commercial acumen, sound knowledge of business performance and market changes Highly articulate, credible financial professional, commercially astute with strong thinking capability Experience with large ERP and Information systems, and query / report writing tools. Ability to deal with disagreement and resistance to change Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Able to distil complex information and apply judgement to communicate efficiently with senior executives. Highly ambitious nature, takes accountability and delivers on promises Intellectually agile, curious, analytical and comfortable with ambiguity; conceptual thinker and creative problem solver Collaborative style and is a committed team player, proactively working with others to deliver results. Pro-active and energetic approach to developing relationships with key stakeholders. Ability to identify opportunities to simplify reporting process while ensuring compliance with company requirements / timetables. Experience of applying commercial acumen to drive business outcomes Skilled at understanding the complex to make it simple Our aim is to ensure our people can hit the ground running - so we provide company and site specific induction with a focus on understanding GWF's business, culture, values and behaviours as well as our number one priority - safety. At GWF, we value accountability, ambition and collaboration. As a diverse business with a proud heritage, we offer a broad range of career opportunities, where we challenge and support our people to 'Be Yourself - at your best'. To apply for this opportunity please submit your application by clicking on the ˜apply now' button   
 The Company: This mid-sized accounting firm has approximately 35 staff and offer a range of accounting and financial services with expert staff in the areas of business consulting, taxation and financial planning. They have experienced significant growth in clients and are now in need of a manager to manage a portfolio of clients. This company is a premier Chartered Accounting firm outside of the CBD and for this position can offer: Opportunity to earn up to $15,000 in annual bonuses An established and well-structured firm Stable and low staff turnover environment  Growing client-base New and modern premises    Duties and Responsibilities: Manage a portfolio of clients from SMEs to large $100 million multi-entities Provide strategies to clients in relation to budgeting & cash flow planning, tax structuring, tax planning, business structuring and SMSF planning Meet with clients and manage all client queries  Support the Partners and assist with the strategic direction of the firm    To Apply: We are seeking an experienced Manager or Seniors/Supervisors wanting to step up into this position  Must be CA or CPA qualified (or near qualified)     Click APPLY and attached your resume. For more information on the role contact Richard Erikson:  Office: 07 3229 8020 Mobile: 0450 311 804 Email: richard@bentleyrecruitment.com.au  
 ElectraNet owns and manages the high-voltage transmission network, providing safe and future-focused energy and infrastructure solutions in South Australia. With a strong focus on safety, high performance and continuous improvement, ElectraNet is committed to delivering sustainable growth solutions in its role at the forefront of global change in the energy sector and challenging transformation of the energy industry in Australia. The Corporate Development Manager is a key role in a dynamic, commercial and solution oriented customer facing team, actively positioning ElectraNet for ongoing growth and continued commercial return. We are a specialist organisation and although it will be an advantage, it's not essential that you have previous direct energy sector experience. You will be keen to learn, proactive and able to explore challenges and find new approaches. Ideally, you have had prior experience in areas such as corporate development, strategy, M&A, contestable bid winning, transaction services or corporate finance. Your razor sharp market insight and broad commercial acumen, gained in a competitive business environment, will positively influence your success in this role. Your high level task delivery, project management and negotiation skills, and proven ability to apply sound judgement to decision making within a collaborative team environment, will set you apart. Key Responsibilities: Development of risk assessment tools, strategies and business plans in order to support non-regulated revenue growth Evaluation of opportunities in state and national grid developments suitable for investment Maintaining market and industry intelligence to ensure the commercial structure of bids strongly positions ElectraNet Preparing relevant proposals and presentation materials for potential customers. Position descriptions can be obtained by emailing careers@electranet.com.au.  If your experience and skills match the above description then please click "Apply" to complete the application process. No recruitment agencies thank you. 
 Financial Accountant for a team of two, you will be reporting directly to the Senior Finance Manager. Your role will include: completing detailed procedures such as processing of transactions to the general ledger, reconciliations etc.  Management reporting Regulatory reporting Budgeting and forecast preparation  Variance analysis  Ad-hoc projects and analysis for APAC region Requirements  CPA or ACA qualification with min 5 years of post-qualification experience Financial Services experience  Advanced Excel skills Advanced MS Dynamics experience  Product control experience highly regarded  
 2XM Finance is partnering with a 30+ staff accounting firm in the heart of Melbourne. They are looking for a Business Services Accountant to join their fast-growing, thriving team. About the Firm This firm prides themselves on the innovative and progressive business advisory solutions that they provide their clients. Led by 4 experienced and motivated Partners, this firm is growing at an enviable rate and aims to double their size in the next 4 years. Due to growth, the need for a Business Services Accountant has risen. This is an advisory based role dealing with SME and HNW clients. The ideal candidate would be looking to step away from conventional compliance accounting into a role that will focus on advisory and value-added services. The successful candidate will be rewarded with a highly competitive remuneration package that will reflect their skills and experiences. If this is the position you have been looking for to get out of compliance into an advisory role, please apply today! Benefits The firm has created a strong workplace culture, balancing a social environment with a corporate atmosphere and high standard of work quality. Promoting various sporting activities, EOFY Ball, Melbourne Cup & Christmas parties; the Practice is eager to reward their staff. Committed to offering constant improvement and professional development, the firm will provide avenues to achieve career success including access to senior personnel through an open-door policy; as well as access to internal and external training. Due to the way they treat their staff, this firm has won the Employers Choice Award, numerous years running. About the Role You will be responsible managing you own sizable client base, whilst assisting in the mentoring and development of Graduate and Junior Accountants. You will work directly with all Partners to manage client relationships and drive new business development through networking and conference events with possible travel opportunities. Through this opportunity, you will be given extensive career development and training opportunities, with a focus to move into a Management role. About you In order to be successful in this role, you will have: 3+ Years Business Services Experience within Professional Practice Exposure to all Entity types CA/CPA Qualifications; or working towards achieving this Excellent Communication & Relationship-Building Skills Ability to mentor and develop junior staff If you are interested in this rare opportunity or would like more information, please apply below for a confidential discussion. Consultant: Sophie Kilvington (2XM Finance). 
 The Company We currently have an exciting opportunity to join a leading Hospitality business in the CBD. They boast an excellent, very dynamic Company culture including weekly drinks and free tickets to events across Sydney. They are looking for a positive thinking Accounts Receivable Officer to join them for a 2 month period to cover a period of leave. This role is perfect for candidates here on a Working Holiday Visa! The Role In this fast paced role no two days would be the same! Your day to day duties will include: Raising invoices and sending to clients, Allocation of payments to customer accounts, Reconciling accounts and processing the receipts daily, Opening new accounts and daily banking, Assisting the Credit Officers as required by your manager. Your Profile Proven success in a similar role, A team player who can work without micromanagement, High levels of accuracy and good MS Excel skills, Great work ethic and proactivity, Strong written and oral communication skills to deal with customers. Apply Today Please send your resume by clicking on the apply button. Your application will be assessed within 3 working days. Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. Learn more about our Sydney recruitment services: https://www.roberthalf.com.au/sydney 
 State Government department based in Parramatta requires a Payroll Officer with HR experience and SAP Your new company This large Government department based in Parramatta has a fantastic contract opportunity for a Payroll Officer with HR experience and SAP experience to join them. Your new role You'll be working within a team of talented Payroll Officers and your role will primarily involve working on operational payroll and leave activities. You will be involved in HR processes and assist with system training on SAP where required. You will also be required to communicate with internal and external stakeholders and resolve pay related enquiries. What you'll need to succeed This is a great role for someone who loves working in a busy environment and can adapt well to change. You will be a team player who is motivated and willing to learn new processes. You will have exceptional communication skills as well as a strong understanding of full function payroll. Systems wise, you will have previously used SAP. Government sector experience is highly desirable. What you'll get in return You will receive the opportunity to work for one of the largest Government departments in NSW in a team which supports growth and works collaboratively. You will start off working an initial 5 month contract with the possibility of extension. What you need to do now If you wish to apply for this position please send your most up to date Word Formatted CV to Jessica.kimber@hays.com.au quoting the job reference or click ˜apply'. This role will need you to be available to start immediately pending references. 
 Our Client With offices located throughout Australia, this leading service provider offers exceptional customer service to a diverse industry base. The Role Reporting to the Financial Controller you will manage the following responsibilities: Accurate and timely processing of weekly payroll Guiding and supporting a payroll team of 4.  Managing the use of ADP and time in attendance payroll systems Maintaining employee records Answering payroll related queries Maintaining payroll related data and collation for reporting purposes Adherence to statutory requirements The Successful Candidate An astute payroll professional you enjoy working in a busy yet supportive environment.  You are a highly organised individual who is extremely capable of meeting deadlines at all times. With an excellent working knowledge of ADP and time in attendance systems, your ability to effectively communicate with internal and external business stakeholders is the key to your success. This is an excellent contract role for a senior payroll professional who is available immediately Please email your resume to Maree Lacy via SEEK. Please note: Only shortlisted applicants will be contacted. We appreciate your understanding. 
 Mascot location $60k - $64k + Super + Bonus Short walk to train station/street parking available This industry leading highly impressive multi-national business has been continuously expanding their operations across Australia, is a strong brand name and have developed a brilliant culture focussing on employee development, work/life balance, training and progression. Due to company growth, a fantastic opportunity exists for a talented Payroll Officer - Part Time to join the team. Reporting to the Payroll Manager, you will have a broad range of responsibilities including: Managing sign off process for time in attendance system Setting up new starters Liaising with managers/department heads on time card discrepancies Manage staff queries Assisting wider Payroll team with ad hoc tasks To be considered for this role you will have 1-2 years relevant experience in a Payroll position along with having excellent communication skills. A strong attention to detail, as well as being hands on and a team player is essential. Previous experience with Kronos would be highly advantageous for this role.  If this role is of interest to you please send your resume to Aaron.McLemon@lawsonelliott.com.au or call Aaron McLemon on (02) 8274 0212 for additional information quoting reference number AM4917.  
This interesting role is with a well-structured, polished CA practice in the CBD. Their partners and managers have backgrounds in larger firms and they have a sophisticated client base including some larger, more complex groups. With a lively, collaborative team environment, the firm supports ongoing career development for their staff.    Reporting to a manager and working in a team, this is a hands-on role where you will devote most of your time to your broad portfolio of clients, assisting them with their accounting and tax requirements from start to finish, providing advice and adding value. The firm is strong in the technical aspects of tax so this will be a great opportunity to further develop your skills in this area.    The ideal candidate will be CA/CPA qualified (or studying towards) and have solid experience in accounting and tax in Practice. You must be a confident communicator and genuine team player for this role where there will be plenty of interaction with clients.    Dinan Moore is a market leading specialist Professional Practice recruitment firm. We have far more experience than our competitors and a thorough knowledge of the Profession in Melbourne. We have excellent networks which have been built up over a combined 50+ years of experience. Whether you are currently working for a firm in Melbourne and wish to join a different firm or you are working interstate and wish to relocate to Melbourne, we will give you honest advice about your career prospects and the best support whilst working closely with you to help you achieve your goals.  For further information please contact Barry Atkinson on 03 9642 1926.    Salary Guide available at www.dinanmoore.com.au 
 About Us: Slade Pharmacy is a progressive cutting edge pharmacy group, integrating Community, Hospital as well as sterile and non-sterile Compounding services. At Slade our vision is to be 'The first choice in tailored pharmacy solutions'. About the Position: We have a busy and rewarding opportunity for an Accounts Receivable Officer to join the Finance Team on a full-time basis. Reporting directly to the Finance Manager, the main purpose of this role is to provide the highest level of customer service in the administration of the accounts receivable function.   Other responsibilities will include: End of month hospital billing and invoicing Day to day operations in relation to Accounts Receivable activities Preparing monthly reports and analysis regarding overdue debt Assist with cash book reconciliations Taking customer phone calls and attending to queries Processing and receiving customer payments Producing and forwarding invoices to outstanding accounts Archiving, filing and other administrative duties Additional duties as required   About You: Our successful candidate will possess the following: Previous experience in a similar role Previous experience with AX is preferred but not essential A strong customer service focus Confidentiality and discretion when dealing with personal information Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Strong computer skills The ability to work under pressure and to deadlines Great attention to detail   How to Apply: This is a fantastic opportunity to take on a role within a busy and vibrant environment. If you think you have what we are looking for, please apply now using the link below. All applications must include a covering letter. Please visit http://www.slade.net.au/ for further information. 
 Established Corporate Advisory firm - Analyst - due to growth - focus on Financial Modelling Your new company This established Corporate Advisory firm are experiencing growth and therefore require an Analyst to join their high performing team. This is an exciting opportunity to join a no.1 firm with an impressive portfolio and a diverse range of services provided. Your new role This Analyst role will focus on financial modelling. Therefore strong excel skills are key as well as prior exposure to project finance, corporate finance metrics and equity related metrics. This is a hands-on role where you will support the team with key data analysis. Working on high profile deals this exposure and experience will catapult your career in the the right direction. What you'll need to succeed To be successful you will have at least 3 years' experience in a similar role (either Big4 or boutique firm) and be technically savvy with a flair for excel modelling. Having your CA or CPA completed or partially completed is also desirable. What you'll get in return This is an exciting opportunity to join a progressive and established firm with respected peers and a high calibre culture. Working with highly respected individuals, you will learn and develop with some of the best in the industry. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Michelle Fitzgerald now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 About Us   As the world's sixth largest audit, tax and consulting network, RSM brings together more than 41,400 people in 800 offices, across 120 countries to help guide clients through business challenges, both locally and seamlessly across borders.   RSM in Australia is a full national firm with 29 offices throughout regional and metropolitan centres. RSM offers personalised services with in-depth expertise and resources in the accountancy, business consulting and risk management areas.    The Opportunity   Our close knit Toowoomba Office has an opportunity for an experienced and client-focused Senior Accountant to join their busy Business Advisory division.   This is an important role which will provide tax, accounting and business advisory services. The successful candidate will always be looking to make a real contribution to clients businesses and their personal affairs.   Key responsibilities is the role include: Preparing financial statements an tax returns in accordance with all current, legal and accounting reporting standards; Preparing documents for client meetings with managers and partner; Helping to identify, research and resolve all complex accounting issues; Preparing and analysing management accounting reports; Conducting tax compliance reviews of tax returns and FBT returns; Applying knowledge of the business environment within which the client is operating and how the client is positioned in the industry; and Assisting junior employees with work and act as a mentor/buddy.   The Successful Applicant   To be considered for this role you must possess the following: Business / Commerce degree with Accounting major; CA/CPA qualified or currently completing; 2-3 years' experience in a similar role; Willingness to develop and learn new skills; Experience with all types of entities including individual, companies and trusts; Strong communication skills both written and verbal; Strong attention to detail; and Ability to work autonomously and as part of a team.   What's on Offer   A competitive salary and employee benefits, opportunity for personal and professional development and a friendly and supportive environment.    To apply, please visit our website /www.rsm.global/australia/careers to submit your application today! 
 Standalone Payroll Officer looking for an immediate start within the Not-for-profit Sector! Client Details My client is a large organisation within the Not-for-profit sector that employs more than 400 people across NSW. They specialise in providing community programs dedicated to inspire and empower young people. They are looking for a payroll officer to join their team. Description You will be reporting to the Payroll Manager and your duties include and are not limited to: End to End payroll Process fort nightly payroll for 400 staff members Maintain employee records Calculations of deductions, allowances, leave entitlements etc Analyse and interpret EBA awards Generation of reporters Profile The successful candidate must have end to end payroll experience as well as competent in the utilisation of Chris21 or Micropay Meridian Job Offer Supportive team environment Great company culture Part-time opportunity with a 6 month Fixed term contract To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Ivy Famador on +61 2 8221 8139. 
 People Orientated Firm Be Empowered to Achieve Exciting Career Opportunities Our client is recognised as one of Brisbane most progressive CA firms with an outstanding reputation for providing a dynamic and staff focused working environment. Due to organic growth, this firm has an exciting opportunity for a Business Services Senior Manager to join their team. You will be responsible for a portfolio of SME clients across numerous industries. Leading an established team, you will require strong delegation skills and management experience with the ability to motivate and lead staff.  With strong client management skills, you will have the ability to further develop client relationships and look to value add. Leading a stable and successful team you will also be involved with team training and staff development. The successful candidate will be CA or CPA qualified with a minimum of 10 years business services and tax experience.  For more information, please contact Russell Lines on (07) 3360 0889 or email your resume to russell@axiomrecruitment.com.au   AXIOM Recruitment Level 19, Waterfront Place 1 Eagle Street Brisbane QLD 4000 
 Ambition are currently recruiting a Finance Manager on a three month contract to oversee a project within an extremely busy finance team in Sydney CBD. Working closely with the Head of Finance you will be given the autonomy to drive process improvements surrounding month end as well as review of financial data. Key responsibilities: - Overseeing a three month project driving procedural improvement throughout the department - Review of expenses and revenue with a view to improve reconciliation process - Review of month end reporting process The ideal candidate will be CA/CPA qualified with experience at management level with prior experience undertaking review of financial reporting and processes to then implement and drive change within the department. You will be able to influence internal stakeholders to help drive the project forward and ensure the change is sustainable. For more information please apply. 
 The Opportunity; This is a high volume ledger with a mix of external suppliers and global intercompany customers. Accuracy and speed are important but so is your ability to investigate and resolve the queries and issues that inevitably arise in such an organisation.  The systems are robust and strong (SAP globally with TM5 interface - but we don't need you to have any prior SAP experience) whilst the processes are constantly being refined and adjusted to be more efficient. This allows you to do your job well and also allows you to learn more areas of Accounts Payable and the broader impact on the organisation. You'll be encouraged to build relationships with operations and supply managers and be given license to investigate any problems or issues you come up against.  We love proactive people and allow them to thrive. The Team; A few of them have been there over 10 years (CFO, Accounts Supervisor, Financial Accountant) and their roles have changed and evolved as the business has. The company itself is very different from my first hire with them in 2007 (I'll detail their growth in conversation). The team works for each other, they cover each other when demands are high and look after each other when times are tough. They all genuinely care and are very good at leaving the political stuff aside.  We can train you but as a minimum; We'd like to see an ability to manage and maintain a high volume ledger (at least 3,000 invoices per month). More importantly, can you demonstrate proactive problem solving and how you've built useful relationships within your career to date?  Can you also tell us what you want to learn? What your goals are and how can we help you help us? Please call Paul Swanwick of Lothbrok Consulting on +61 411 531 514 for a confidential discussion. 
 Pronto System Administrator The Company Galaxy Resources Limited is an ASX listed lithium-focused resources company, with assets spanning Australia, Canada and Argentina. The Company owns the Mt Cattlin Spodumene Mine near Ravensthorpe in Western Australia.  The company has a full-time Pronto System Administrator role available.  This role will be based in our Applecross offices. The role and its requirements Reporting to the Financial Controller, you will provide operational support across the business, including a system administration function on Pronto as well as being the application owner driving enhancements and efficiencies through the utilisation of Pronto. You will maintain, upgrade and manage Galaxy Resources' Pronto software and database. This will also require you to design, develop, test and implement process changes when necessary. The experience you have accumulated will show you are a practical and commercially minded person.  You have energy and drive, maintain good work momentum and discipline.  You will also have strong communication skills and a well-developed understanding of operating systems and applications. Your key responsibilities will include Design, develop, test and implement process changes using tools to enable efficiency improvements. Consulting in specific Pronto Modules and/or industry applications as appropriate. Project manage roll out of new systems and processes within business units when needed. Experienced with facilitating and conducting hands-on and online training sessions across a broad end user base (mine sites to corporate offices locally and abroad). Provide day-to-day support for end users including out of hours support where necessary. Provide post-implementation support and handover to support desks. Track and coordinate the resolution of post-implementation issues.   Requirements of the role At least 5 years' experience in a similar role Strong understanding of Pronto 730, along with Server 2016 and Red Hat operating systems Experience in all modules of Pronto including PRAS, purchasing, plant maintenance and inventory. Familiarity with Qlik Sense, Active Fax and Cognos applications. Highly proficient user of MS Office tools (particularly Word and Excel). This role will be required to travel to the mine site at least once a month.   Applying If you believe you are suited to this role, please click on the 'apply' button below or forward your cover letter and resume to hr@¦show email Candidates must be able to provide evidence, of the right, to work in Australia. 
 North Sydney Location Part Time Role - 2 days a week Great Team Our client is a North Sydney based Human Service business experiencing outstanding growth due to quality service and a dynamic can-do approach.  As a result of their growth they now require a Part Time Bookkeeper to manage financial aspects of the business. This role offers flexible working hours, equivalent to 2 days per week.  In your new role you will be responsible for all payable, receivables, payroll, financial reporting, statutory account preparation and management accounting projects as well.  This is a hands on role where you will be "doer", the Manager and the Planner. You are ideally a qualified Bookkeeper now looking for a permanent part time role or re-entering the workforce and looking for a secure role where you can balance personal responsibilities yet still enjoying a great career. You must have excellent computer skills including XERO and Excel.  Your personal style is open, friendly and very communicative.  Now you are ready to work with a small busy team and enjoy being a part of this growth business. Please apply to Kevin Wallis quoting reference number 82/307 enclosing a letter of introduction along with your resume (max 4 pg) 
 At Flinders Partners Group we enjoy a relaxed but professional environment with all directors being very approachable. We offer a full range of services to our quality client base from our professional office located in Frankston. We are seeking a suitably qualified and motivated individual to take up an intermediate role within our practice. In return we will provide a fulfilling and challenging position in an enjoyable atmosphere, with involvement in the continual growth of our practice. We value our people and understand their importance in delivering the quality services we have become known for. Working directly with Partners and Managers, duties include but are not limited to, Preparation of Financial Statements, Income Tax Returns and BAS/IAS for all entities including large companies, trusts and SMSFs. The successful applicant will ideally be tertiary qualified with at least 2 years relevant experience in a public practice. Proficient knowledge of Handisoft, Class,  MYOB and excel is also required, as well as attention to detail and excellent written and verbal skills that will enable interaction with clients. 
 The Company A leading hospitality group that boasts some of most coveted bar & restaurant brands in the industry. The Role Preparation, payment & reconciliation of weekly & monthly pay cycle High Volume of starters & terminations Month end process: superannuation reconciliation and payment, payroll tax reconciliation, workplace giving payment, assist finance department with producing and reconciling payroll costing report for salary forecasting purposes Extensive stakeholder management involving extensive employee queries & Site Managers End of Month GL recs The role is initially temporary but there is the strong potential of a permanent opportunity. The Person A highly experienced end to end payroll officer, ideally with exposure to ichris or Chris 21. Benefits An exceptional organisation that continues to drive best practice procedures & recruit the highest quality candidates for it's finance function. To apply please click APPLY now to send your resume through to Michael Dowds at AccountAbility 
 These roles range from Superannuation Funds, Big 4 banks to Financial Planning firms. Growth in Brisbane has opened the door for Financial Planners to move into your dream job and move on to your next venture. It is important you are able to reflect your passion and capability for the role as Financial Planner within your current company ensuring risk obligations are met with regards to ASIC and business models. Key Requirements: 2+ years of experience giving quality and effective advice Advanced Diploma of Financial Planning or equivalent degree RG146 compliant Sales and business development skills Effective use of internal and external referral partners Immaculate presentation Key Responsibilities: To provide quality advice in an ethical and compliant manner and in the best interests of the customer Strong rapport building abilities and genuine passion for the provision of ethical financial advice Collaborate and communicate with your customers to ensure you are developing a realistic, comprehensive plan to meet financial goals addressing financial weaknesses and building on financial strengths Examine assets, liabilities, income, insurance, taxes, investments and estate plans Ability to work well within a team and assist and mentor others if needed To apply please click apply or call Sarah Maidment on +61 7 30322225 for a confidential discussion. 
 About the company: A highly regarded national head office in Sydney CBD. The firm has an enviable culture driven by their learning and development environment. The company has a broad client base from ASX listed entities right through to SME clients. The company has CA support and continued learning policy whilst keeping a focus on the social and work/life balance aspects of their culture.   About the role: This is an exciting opportunity for a business services accountant who is CA qualified or near completion. The firm focuses on its team based solutions so this role will work in a close-knit team including a manager and a partner to provide accounting and compliance services to clients from a broad range of industries. Day to day duties include: An advisory focused role with an emphasis on big picture client welfare. Liaising and supervision of more junior employees including delegating and reviewing work. Working in simple and complex group structures, trusts and super funds. Direct communication with clients advising and offering creative solutions. Working with the partners to recommend value add to clients. Working to solve client's problems in a logical and factual manner and drawing accurate inferences from the data. About you: You will be CA qualified (or equivalent) or near completion. You would have 2-6 plus years working within a chartered accounting firm. You will have the ability to learn and take guidance to reach your personal goals. Willing to work in a socially positive environment that takes pleasure in their employees developing their skills. 
 Great Local Opportunity - friendly/busy company Varied role in an interesting industry Northern beaches location THE COMPANY Located in Brookvale and lead by a dynamic owner this great company is acknowledged nationally as a leading provider of high quality automotive parts. This reputation has been achieved by providing high quality products and an outstanding level of service. THE POSITION A position has become available for an experienced Payroll / Accounts Payable Officer their team. This role has plenty of variety and scope and will primarily be responsible for leading the Payroll, Superannuation and Accounts Payable functions for the company. The successful candidate will also enjoy the variety of assisting the Finance Manager with general accounts tasks. Your duties will consist of the following: Payroll: Fortnightly processing of payroll Liaising with Managers regarding timesheets Maintaining employees deductions (child support etc) Recording all staff leave requests and payments Setting up all new employees EOY Payroll including all reports and payment summaries Ensure HR compliance with policy standards Superannuation: Coordinate monthly super payments Set up of new employee super funds Liaise with super funds as required Keep company procedures up to date Accounts Payable Receive and Process all supplier invoices for head office and branches Reconcile all branch accounts Process payments for local and overseas accounts Process monthly payment of rebates and rents Submit monthly payroll tax Monitor expenses for staff corporate cards General Accounts Responsibilities The successful candidate will assist the Financial Accountant with the following tasks: Bank Reconciliations General Ledger Reconciliation Foreign currency transactions Produce daily sales reports for senior management Weekly cash management report Maintain fixed asset register Submit fortnightly group tax for ATO The Ideal Candidate This role requires a motivated candidate with solid payroll and accounts payable skills along with a broad understanding of the accounts function within a medium / large business. To be successful in securing this great local opportunity you will need to be able to demonstrate the following: Solid experience managing a large payroll within a medium sized organisation. Good Accounts Payable experience. Broad general Accounts Experience A pleasant and engaging telephone manner. Good computer skills in MS Office and ideally some exposure Experience using Pronto Minimum Diploma or Degree level qualifications in accounts. This is a great opportunity for a candidate to secure a full time permanent position with a large, stable, local company and work close to home on Sydneys Northern Beaches. This position is available for an immediate start. If you are seeking a local role and feel that you match the above criteria send your resume through to me now! 
 Join a progressive 3 partner firm and enjoy a modern environment that focuses on results - not hours spent in the office! Client Details This is a 3 Partner firm with 30 staff and a reputation for providing exceptional client service and looking after their staff. You will enjoy short hours and extra holidays. Description Client contact Tax returns BAS Budgeting and forecasting Advisory projects Profile Excellent communication skills 5 + years experience in chartered accounting CA/CPA highly desirable Job Offer Work on a diverse client base Work/life balance Flexible hours Professional development Ongoing training both internally and external courses To apply for this position, please click the 'Apply Now' button below. For a confidential discussion, please contact Sarah Mulvenna on 02 9195 2905. 
 Location: Western Suburbs; free parking on-site Salary: $65 - $75 p/h + Super Role Benefit: FMCG market leader; NPD; business partner with executive team; provide commercial insights to drive profitability. Role Overview Reporting to the Group Finance Manager and collaborating directly with the key business stakeholders, this Finance Manager will play an integral role in providing leadership in driving performance around new product development, categories, sales and marketing. The Finance Manager has primary day-to-day responsibility for the sales reporting, budgeting and forecasting cycle for the business and providing insight led analytics to support the executive leadership team with key decision making. This Finance Manager will take the lead in managing strategic projects and build strong working relationships with key stakeholders both locally and internationally. As such, you will require exceptional negotiation skills and robust business acumen. In additional to this you will be expected to present your financial modelling, analysis and insight to the executive leadership team to support operational and strategic decision-making. Hence, this role would require a strong commercial finance leader who can communicate and influence people on top of being a strategic thinker. The key success factor will be your ability to engage across a range of varied stakeholders in delivering outcomes in a challenging and evolving market. The Company Market leading FMCG giant with household brand names to boast and unparalleled success makes this organisation an employer of choice. Australian grown success story boasting a collection of brands and products that are best in class and the envy of competitors. This opportunity would provide an excellent training ground for an ambitious and motivated Finance Manager to develop and diversify their skills within a FMCG and manufacturing environment. This organisation is seeking a high calibre Finance Manager to business partner with all levels of the organisation by providing commercial insights that will drive business decisions including NPD both local and internationally. Candidate Profile You are CA or CPA qualified with extensive experience in a FMCG / Manufacturing environment. This Finance Manager will have hands on plant level experience with stakeholder management exposure. You may be a Senior Commercial Analyst, Cost or Senior Management Accountant looking to elevate your career to the next level with senior stakeholder engagement in a commercially focused role. You will be an individual that has displayed success supporting and influencing the business and driving profitability through commercial outcomes. As a leader, you will have shown strong rapport building skills. Your personality is energetic and vibrant with excellent communication skills to influence senior stakeholders. Apply If this sounds like you, please send your resume by clicking the apply link below addressing Richard Skaf reference number RSFM4014 in the subject line. 
 Our client is a world leader within transportation and logistics and is looking to add a Senior Accountant to its head office team in Botany. The role will have a dual reporting line to both the local senior leadership team and the global head office and will be responsible for driving a full review of process and procedure. The key duties include: Period end financial statement preparation Accrual accounting Monthly balance sheet reconciliation Payroll accounting on a fortnightly and monthly basis Inventory accounting Reporting on financial position of the business and underlying trends. Assisting with the preparation of year-end accounts and statutory accounts Liaison with external auditors throughout the audit process You will be degree qualified (in a relevant discipline) and preferably hold a full CPA or CA qualification. You will have a strong track record in a similar role and have a good understanding of working with multiple reporting lines and stakeholders. Furthermore, you will have a high degree of proficiency in MS Excel and exposure to Dynamics AX would be a distinct advantage. To register your interest, please send a Word Doc version of your CV by following the prompts. Sending a PDF may delay the processing of your application. For further information please call Ed Kirby on 0419 615 720 
 Melbourne CBD Location National Professional Services Firm Career Development Opportunities   About Us   RSM is the 6th largest network of independent audit, tax and consulting firms, encompassing over 120 countries, 800 offices and more than 43,000 people internationally. We have 30 offices throughout Australia and offer personalised services with in-depth expertise and resources in the accountancy, business consulting and risk management areas. The Opportunity   Our Melbourne Business Advisory division is seeking an experienced and client focused SMSF Accountant to join their team.   You will be working in a team with both junior and senior colleagues, focusing your attention on accounting, tax and audit compliance issues for the firm's significant portfolio of super funds.  With a friendly and supportive work environment you will be able to develop your skills as a specialist SMSF Accountant.   The Successful Applicant   The candidate will ideally have: 2-3 years' experience in a similar role within a professional services firm; Preferably have commenced CA/CPA qualification or be CA/CPA qualified; Previous experience with Class Super software would be advantageous; Previous experience with Self-Managed Superannuation Funds; Demonstrated knowledge of income tax and GST laws; Good attention to detail; Strong problem solving skills, and Good written and verbal communication skills. What's On Offer Competitive remuneration package and employee benefits Commitment to your professional development Being part of a National firm with experienced accounting professionals To apply please click on the "Apply" button below and complete our online application form. 
 Align with an international mining services business to facilitate a full personnel demobilisation for one of their sites at end-of-life. Report to the Head of HR and work closely with the Payroll Manager to process redundancies, final pays, allowances and entitlements, against a highly manual process, making use of Excel (to an advanced level, daily). 3 - 5 month contract position - absolute GOLD on your resume! Client Details Our client is a multi-national mining and mining services business with a specialisation to the Oil & Gas realm. With over 5,000 staff across the globe, the group is one of the largest privately held resources companies and we are privileged to work with them. You'll join a tight-knit Perth office of 30 staff; a stable team with a strong work-ethic and pride in the work they do. You'll be granted the support you need to complete this project on-time, with initial on-boarding provided. Description Reporting to the HR Manager you will be responsible for: The appropriate demobilisation of 360 mine staff Manual calculations for exit payments; the appropriate interpretation of contracts and awards for such Calculating a mix of redundancy packages, final payments, allowances, tax etc. Understanding and implementing current legislation as it pertains to your role Heavy use of Excel day-to-day Working closely with the Payroll Manager for loading final payments Working closely with the HR Manager for the distribution and approval of final paperwork Point of contact for all queries (from affected staff), throughout project Profile To be considered for and successful in this role, you will: Be able to demonstrate experience and success in the completion of a similar payroll project, ideally in a mid-scale demobilisation Be a career payroll professional with strong industry experience aligned with the mining/engineering/Oil & Gas sector ideally Come with developed skills in manual payroll processing, and an ability to interpret and apply contract and award rates to payroll calculations Have advanced skills in Excel Consider yourself an independent worker, hungry for a challenge and keen to see your skills justified against a role of this scope and importance Job Offer In return you will: Align with a huge international mining business, but get to enjoy a tight-knit Perth office team - the best of both worlds! Be a key player in this business for a period of 3 - 5 months and take full ownership for seeing this project succeed, on time, with the provision of best service delivery for the staff affected Work in the heart of the Perth CBD in sparkling offices that enjoy views of the Swan River! Be fully supported in your role, reporting to a savvy Head of HR, and aligning closely with the Payroll Manager who will provide you the context you need to succeed Add to your project-payroll experience, a highly sought-after skill-set in the current market! To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Jessica Shakes on 08 6430 6416. 
 Immediate start required for an experienced Payroll Officer to join an Aged Care provider in the Eastern Suburbs. Client Details Our Client are a leading Aged Care provider and are in need of a Standalone Payroll professional to join their team asap. Description Reporting to the HR Manager, your responsibilities will include but not be limited to; Ensure the efficient and effective delivery of payroll services. Ensure the effective development and implementation of strategies to support business improvement initiatives that contribute to achieving savings targets and improving operational efficiency and service delivery. Ensure strong customer service ethos and possess the capability and expertise to achieve high quality service standards. Establish a culture of high performance, professionalism and continuous improvements and solutions to improve service delivery. Profile To be successful you will be capable of processing pay for high volumes of employees and will have experience using Micropay Meridian. You will have outstanding communication skills both written and verbal. You must be available to start immediately. Job Offer Close to public transport Attractive hourly rate Immediate start required To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Katie Mitchell on +61 ¦show number 
 Our client, a Top 20 Mid Tier Chartered firm has an exciting opportunity for a Senior Auditor to join their team. The Partners have a strong reputation in the market and have been consistently growing the audit fees and winning new clients working with ASX listed and mid cap firms year on year. The firm has a brilliant culture and are looking for a strong candidate who wants to grow and progress quickly within the business. Duties include: Planning and executing audits for a broad range of clients including ASX listed clients Lead and coach juniors on engagements  Liaising directly with clients, communication is key  assess internal accounting systems and propose repair or review as required reviewing client budgets and comparing to actuals in order to assess areas of improvement in the budgeting process Assessing impacts of new accounting standards applicable in future periods for accounting and audit clients Leases, Revenue and Financial Instruments Ad-hoc projects and process improvements for the firms accounting and audit clients reviewing and assessing suitability of client accounting systems, and advising on the selection and application of IT based accounting systems and software packages providing assurance services about the accuracy and completeness of information contained in financial reports and their compliance with statutory reporting requirements  To be considered for this position, you will have completed your CA/CPA qualification and have a minimum of 3-5 years audit experience from a reputable accountancy firm. You will have excellent communication skills, strong attention to detail and a passion for developing your career in the audit area of accounting practice  In return you will benefit from mentoring and support, regular training and a positive team culture. 
 About the business and the role DTMF Group is a well-established boutique family owned Facility Management Company. The DT Team enjoy a unique working environment.  We are looking for an individual who excels in a fast-paced environment, has had experience in event management or finance roles. Being able to think on their feet quickly, possess excellent communication skills, is organised, well present and someone who wants to be part of a team that loves what they do and who they do it for. The  Bookkeeper will be supporting CFO in all accounts receivable & accounts payable within the business.  Job tasks and responsibilities Key Responsibilities Accounts receivable/payable tasks and duties Debt Collection Receipting and allocating payments Daily banking Account Reporting Account Reconciliation Monthly statement management Entering data into the office integrated management system software Myob, Fleetmatics & Ento & iAdutior Monitoring the progress of individual jobs and tasks to ensure on-time deliver Organise meetings, collate agenda, minute taking Assisting Operations Managers in scheduling and drafting rosters for event cleans and staffing Processing invoices  Raising supplier purchase orders Assist with payroll processing Closing off month end billing for all event clients and ad-hoc clients Assisting Operations team with site setup and contract compliance documentation Assist with drafting client monthly reports Assist with processing client quotes and proposal and client follow ups Project assistance to other departments as needed Skills and experience   Previous experience in a similar role (3+ years) Highly organised Excellent team player Can work on own initiative Excellent communicator (both written and verbal) Enjoys working in a busy, fast-paced, diverse role Basic understanding of OH&S best practice MYOB and CRM experience is highly favourable Advanced skills in Microsoft excel, Outlook and Word Be flexible and possess a can-do attitude Must have high attention to detail and be able to work autonomously Job benefits and perks Driven by our Director's passion for nurturing people, DT is not your everyday workplace. We reward our team in a multitude of ways Wellness Wednesday (lunch delivered) as well as team building days, education and training, industry events and performance based bonuses. We are a close-knit working team that is looking for someone who will bring a positive, hardworking and supportive attitude to the team. Full training, development and ongoing support Carpark provided Attend company social events You must have the right to live and work in Australia to apply for this job. If you would like to join this fast-growing company and work in a real team environment who reward their staff, then apply via seek or by emailing hr@dtmfgroup.com.au 
 Adelaide SA - Full Time Accounts Receivable Accounts Payable ERP System Experience 2 positions available National Pharmacies are looking for experienced and passionate Finance Support Officers to join our Finance Team About Us... National Pharmacies is a well known and highly respected South Australian based organisation, which has been caring for the community since 1911. Our network consists of 70 stores in metropolitan and regional South Australia, Victoria and New South Wales, Optical Outlets in SA and VIC. A Distribution Centre further provides enhanced supply chain capability internally and to a broad range of customers. We continue to grow our member base covering over 280,000 individuals and their dependants. Focus is on delivering value to our members and the public through the provision of high quality customer service and by offering a diverse range of products. About The Roles... An opportunity has become available for two motivated individuals to join our highly recognised, respected and successful business. The role will enable you to fully utilise your current skills, and you will be given the chance to enhance and broaden your capability and learn more about the functioning of a retail business. Reporting to the Finance Operations Manager, the role operates within the Finance Team and is conveniently located in the Adelaide CBD. The roles are strongly focused on Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable, however as a small finance team we are looking for individuals keen to learn new skills outside of these two key areas driving effectiveness and efficiencies within our new ERP system. Whilst the role is positioned in the Finance team, there will be cross functional work with other key stakeholders, such as the merchandise buying team, procurement team and distribution centre, as well as engagement with external parties. What we are looking for A minimum of 2yrs JDE or similar system experience Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable experience Proven attention to detail, and a focus on ensuring integrity and accuracy An ability to engage and collaborate with a range of stakeholders within an organisation A history of self enhancement and improvement through proactive learning You will have drive, enthusiasm and a desire to deliver to high standards Ideally working towards a CPA, CA or equivalent accounting degree You will be able to demonstrate strong time management and prioritisation skills and an ability to adapt in a dynamic retail environment. The successful candidate will live our values and have energy and determination to succeed. In return, you will receive a competitive salary and benefits, plus the opportunity to further your development. How to Apply...  Please complete the requested work history & education information on the application page. You are welcome to include any certificates in the education section also as we are not requesting a cover letter or resume at this stage.  Shortlisted applicants may be requested to submit a resume at a later date.  If you are a passionate person who realises the tremendous opportunity that this role offers and want to utilise your skills and passion in the healthcare industry, we want to hear from you! Apply Now! No agencies please  
 The Company Reputable Services & Products organisation business has a need for an experienced, well rounded Credit Officer to join their Accounts team on a temporary ongoing basis. The Role This is a busy and varied role where you will be working within our Collections team. This role will involve a high level of telephone and written customer service, multi-tasking and working to deadlines. Excellent communication, customer service skills and a "can do" attitude will see you succeed in this role. Conduct outbound and inbound collection calls Successfully identify customers experiencing financial hardship Achieve and exceed individual and team targets Understand and comply with all regulatory requirements and quality standards Maintaining policy standards Negotiate recovery of the debt and determine action within delegated limits Develop and maintain strong service relationships with both our internal and external customers Identify and report anomalies to management Skills & Experience To be successful, you will be: Previous Collections Officer experience Excellent communication and negotiation skills Be an active participant in a team based environment Passionate about own success - KPI's driven and Goal orientated Knowledge of regulatory requirements and legislation To be considered for this opportunity, pleased submit your application directly by clicking ˜apply' and following the prompts to attach your CV. Your application will be assessed within 3 working days. Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. For further enquiries, please contact Jessica Bradford via Robert Half's Perth branch on (08) 6430 6810. Learn more about our Perth recruitment services: https://www.roberthalf.com.au/recruitment-agency-perth 
 Permanent Accounts Payable role available now in Brisbane CBD - Apply today! Your new company This growing privately owned company that have undergone a significant growth phase are seeking an experienced Accounts Payable Officer to join their team on a full time permanent basis. The role will be based in the heart of Brisbane's CBD which offers excellent lunch time eating options and extensive public transport connections. Your new role Supporting the Finance Manager, you will work in a high performing finance team. You will be the sole person responsible for the accounts payable function, core duties will include; high volume invoice processing, processing daily and weekly payment runs, creditor reconciliations, liaising with suppliers and bank reconciliations. Various other ad hoc accounts tasks may be required from time to time. What you'll need to succeed To be considered for this role, you will have true end to end accounts payable experience and have worked in high volume positions previously. You will demonstrate excellent time management and communication skills. You will be relationship driven and be able to work in a fast paced environment. What you'll get in return You will have the opportunity to work with this high performing finance team where you will be rewarded for your hard work and earn an attractive salary package. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your resume. The Consultant is Chris Viner on 07 3243 3011. 
 We are looking for someone with excellent communication and customer service skills ideally with previous AP experience or within a fast paced admin role. The Opportunity This is a 6 month assignment with one of our highly reputable clients in the wholesale retail industry, located in North Sydney - close to the station. They need someone to start immediately to help out the wider Accounts Payable team, processing invoices and dealing with enquiries. There may be potential for the role to be extended or to become permanent. Who are you? Ideally you will have: 6-12 months experience in Accounts Payable or in a fast paced administrative role Accounting Degree/Diploma Natural customer service approach Good excel experience (VLOOKUPS & Pivot Tables) Permanent residency or be an Australian Citizen Possess strong verbal and written communication skills & have a positive attitude If you are interested in this opportunity, please apply now. If you would like further information you can call Cydney now on 02 8315 9203 
 Senior Financial Accountant ( Global Funds Management Business) - 12 Months Fixed Term Contract 12 Months Fixed Term Contract, collaborate & high performing team enviroment. Global Funds Management Business based in the CBD Must have Strong Fund Distribution, Tax Distribution & Statutory Reporting experience The Role: We have been engaged to recruit a Senior Financial Accountant 12 month fixed term contract position for a leading global funds management business based in the CBD. Reporting into the Senior Manager, and working within a collaborative and high performing team enviroment, key duties will include but not be limited to; Production & review of financial statements Ensure proper internal controls are maintained and followed. Provide oversight of fund accounting deliverables from offshore team Support the identification of risk within new and existing business practices and Promote the identification of a solutions based approach to client needs. Contribute to and support a client centric culture across Fund Accounting and ensure that client requirements are fully supported. Ensure that client procedures are regularly reviewed Prepare & review fund distributions Ad-hoc tasks as directed by the Senior Manager Key Requirements: CA/CPA/ ACA, ACCA qualified or equivalent Previous Financial Services experience is essential. A thorough understanding of Fund Accounting, Fund Distributions and Regulatory reporting would be an advantage. Good technical understanding of statutory reporting and taxation returns is essential and in a Fund Accounting or Professional Services environment would be an advantage. Client focused with excellent attention to detail Strong stakeholder management and the ability to communicate effectively You must be able to multi-task and meet agreed deadlines Ability to network with other teams and internal departments and create working relationships $95,000 - $105,000 (Total Package including Superannuation) This is an excellent opportunity to join a global financial services firm, that will provide the successful candidate with invaluable experience and a fantastic working culture. Please apply online or direct to jack.nicholls@hudson.com 
 Established sophisticated client base Managing on-shore and off-shore staff Multi-disciplined firm     The Firm Setting new standards in workplace environment and client engagement. This practice is setting itself apart from its competitors by focusing on working beyond basic compliance and partnering with clients to make them achieve their goals.   The Role Being a senior manager you will report directly to the partners. This is a critical position in the firm and your success in the role will be an integral part of the firms continued progression. Your duties will center around workflow management including: Managing and tracking workflow Resource allocation of 12 on-shore and off-shore staff High-level Technical reviews   You Being a candidate with extensive experience in another Australian firm you will be craving an opportunity to take control of workflow and manage a large team. The position requires high levels of: Technical skills Organisational ability Your capacity to manage a large team and a multitude of clients will see you excel in this role.   Benefits Excellent support from the partners including high levels of investment in technology Autonomous position where you will take control No requirement for business development     For further information on this or other public practice jobs in Brisbane, please call Andrew McNamara CPA (07) 3009 6400 / 0407 035 808 or send your query or CV direct to andrew@mwrecruitment.com.au 
 Client This company is a market leader in the manufacturing industry with over 10 international partners they liaise with daily. They have been growing consistently over the past five years and are seeking an accountant to assist with their Asia Pacific operations.    Role Reporting to the Finance Manager, your day to day tasks will include: Preparation of APAC monthly financial and management reports; Assist with audit of relevant entities Tax compliance across Asia Pacific Liaise with a range of internal and external stakeholders Innovate and implement process improvements with reporting/compliance   Your Profile CA/CPA Qualified Audit Background (preferably Big 4) Fluent in Korean and English Experience dealing with multinational organisations  Excellent attention to detail Strong excel skills / software exposure Preferably Audit background and/or extensive commercial experience International tax knowledge   Benefits Opportunity to advance career and great platform to develop skills with a wealth of experience in the team Growing company that are have 3x growth in revenue in the last five years. Southside Location / CBD fringe On site parking   To apply for this position please send your resume by clicking on the apply button or for further information contact: Grant Devlin grantd@¦show email 0401¦show number 
 Mid-sized multi partner firm in the west seeking experienced SMSF senior to add value to their growing team Your new company Your friendly new firm will provide you with a high level of support and training. This reputable firm believe in a holistic work/life balance, showing an outstanding level of care for their employees. The client base of this firm is ever growing, providing a great opportunity for aspiring accountants to grow and progress their career. Your new role This firm is looking for an experienced Superannuation Accountant with proven expertise and technical knowledge in providing in-depth Superannuation advice to clients. Responsible for providing this high level of superannuation advice to clients, you will also be able to supervise more junior staff and review their work. Ideally, you will have Tax and Business Services experience as well. Key responsibilities: Provide high level, strategic superannuation advice to a range of clients. Manage and grow the day to day relationship with these clients. Manage team members, including training, support, workflow management and budget reviews. Provide tax and business advisory services where required. With the appropriate engagement from Partners and staff, develop opportunities for new products and services. What you'll need to succeed CPA or CA qualified and RG146 qualified. Must be experienced in providing Superannuation advice and will have a strong depth of technical Superannuation knowledge. A minimum of 7 years' experience within a public practice accounting firm, providing superannuation & tax and business services advice. Have good analytical skills and be solutions focused. Able to supervise an engagement from start to finish. Experience with BGL Simple Fund is desirable. Experience in leading, managing and supporting more junior staff. Exceptional communication skills & interpersonal skills. Motivated, a strong capacity to work autonomously and with demonstrated organisational & time management skills. What you'll get in return You will receive a competitive salary, with expert training provided. You will have the opportunity to manage and review the work of junior staff. This is an excellent opportunity for an accountant looking progress their career. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Tom Miles on 9604 9517 now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Credit Controller role available now in Brisbane CBD with well known company - apply today! Your new company This well known leading international company that operate across various markets are seeking an experienced Credit Controller to join their team on a full time permanent basis. The role will be based in Brisbane's CBD and has excellent public transport connections. Your new role As the successful candidate for this role you will be responsible for managing the credit function for the business. Reporting to the Finance Manager, your core duties will include; collection of overdue accounts, negotiating payment terms, forecasting on collections, sending out statements, debtor reconciliations and debtor reporting. What you'll need to succeed You will be driven to collect cash and maintain a health leader to maximise cash flow. You will bring your exceptional communication and rapport building skills to this role as this role will entail extensive liaison with both customers and internal stakeholders. You will have experience on ERP systems and intermediate to advanced Excel skills. What you'll get in return You will be able to work with this leading business on a permanent basis with a high performing team. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your resume. The Consultant is Chris Viner on 07 32433011. Please apply online. 
 About us   Link Group is a global third party financial record keeper active in the securities registration, superannuation administration and property sectors, along with providing a suite of value added services.  In Australia alone, Link Group manages over 15 million account records and processes more than $60 Billion in payments every year. As a leading superannuation administration provider, Link Group is focused on providing innovative products which differentiate our Clients in the Pension and Superannuation industry. Due to our investments in people, processes and technology, Link Group?s superannuation business has become the choice of more than 65 funds, over 4.3 million Members and more than 400,000 Employers. We now support Clients across all Superannuation Fund sectors including Government, Industry, Retail and Corporate. By accompanying our core Member and Employer administration with a full range of value-added services, we offer the most comprehensive superannuation solution on the market. Link utilises the scale, adaptability, focus and ease of use of our proprietary systems in conjunction with our integrated analytics offering to deliver active intelligence and continue to innovate and grow with Member and Employer needs. We currently have a great opportunity for an ATO Reporting Analyst to join our ATO Reporting Operations Team based in our Rhodes office.   About the role As an ATO Reporting Analyst, you will ensure all ?lost member? reporting to the ATO on behalf of superannuation clients is performed efficiently to minimise the number of accounts transferred to the ATO as lost.  This requires analytical and excel skills in order to analyse data.  You will ensure accurate validations / reconciliations to deliver accurate reporting.  It will be essential for you to stay abreast of the relevant ATO rules and regulatory change, and operate Link Group?s in-house systems. You will be responsible for generating and submitting accurate member reporting to the ATO on behalf of Link Group?s superannuation clients. You will also work with internal and external clients including maintain constructive relationships with ATO personnel.  As a member of a national team, you will positively contribute to the morale and engagement of the Link Group Client Taxation & ATO Reporting.     Key responsibilities Lost member reporting to the ATO and other member reporting to the ATO (e.g. PAYG) Analysing and resolving issues arising from the above reporting  Participating in ATO audits, reviews and queries Maintain procedure manuals Monitor and respond to all client related queries in the Team In-box  Analyse business requirements for system changes Assist with the implementation of regulatory change into systems To be successful in this role you will have: An understanding of superannuation legislation  Ability to update procedures and improve processes Experience in testing and change methodologies highly desirable Highly motivated person who shows initiative and thrives in a fast paced environment Business analyst and finance experience, preferably in superannuation Good interpersonal and communication skills and service orientation Demonstrated ability to proactively research, provide solutions to problems and think analytically Ability to contribute positively in the team and demonstrate the Link core values  Ability to implement and drive change   At Link we believe our people are our MOST important asset. We offer excellent career progression opportunities, ongoing training and development, competitive salary, staff recognition programs, salary continuance insurance and discounted healthcare. You must have the right to live and work in Australia to apply for this job.   
 Satellite office of a larger practice High degree of client contact and ownership Variety of business services and advisory work     The Firm   This practice has over 100 staff nationally and has a team of 25 people in their Brisbane office. The practice offers a full suite of services and is currently growing their fee base in Brisbane due to this growth they are actively seeking another staff member.     Your Role   Reporting to the director. You will have the opportunity to work across a variety of clients including professional services, medical practitioners, manufacturing and construction. Being a smaller office you will enjoy a high degree of client contact but still benefit from the resources of a firm with 100+ staff.   You will be responsible for:   Preparation of financial statements and tax returns for companies, trusts, partnerships and individuals Tax structuring and planning Manage relationships with clients Help supervise and review the work of onshore and offshore accountants Conduct client meetings     You   The directors are looking for a candidate with:   3- 4 years' experience in another reputable firm Completion or near completion of CA or CPA Ability to take jobs from start to finish   You should be capable of taking a file firm start to finish and confident in dealing directly with clients as required. This is a great role that would allow you to work in a boutique style firm with all of the benefits of being part of a bigger practice.   Apply now or for further information on this or other public practice jobs in Brisbane, please call Andrew McNamara CPA (07) 3009 6409 direct line / 0407 035 808 or send your query or CV direct to andrew@mwrecruitment.com.au     
 18 month contract Directly contribute to business improvement Diverse and exciting project role Moly-Cop is a leader in the supply of products that are critical to businesses undertaking minerals processing activities within the global mining industry. The Moly-Cop business supplies steel consumables, primarily grinding media to the copper/gold mineral processing sector generating ~$1.5B in revenue and employing more than 1700 direct employees across North and South America and Australasia. As a result of a business separation, Moly-Cop is currently implementing a new ERP system (Microsoft Dynamics 365). Reporting to the Project Finance Lead we are looking to fill the role of Project Business Analyst - Finance on an 18 month fixed term contract to support the implementation of this system and assisting with reporting developments, costing and support activities. Another major component of this role will see you working with business system users to realise opportunities for improvement across finance processes using the new system. To be successful in this role you will be CA/CPA qualified and have strong experience with ERP finance system implementations and support. You must have excellent communication skills, be a detailed, robust and strategic financial thinker and have the ability to drive success from your team. You will also be able to balance multiple demands, prioritise and meet deadlines and have a passion for driving continuous improvement. If you are looking for your opportunity to work on a large-scale and exciting systems project and work within a close-knit team, then this might be role for you! Please APPLY NOW. We work smarter, appreciate diversity and never back away from a challenge. If that sounds like you, we'd love to hear from you. 
 Excellent CBD location $100k - $115k + Super Multinational company This market leader has built its business on a global scale based on core founding principals of quality products and services, customer focus and integrity. Their inherent desire to grow will offer you dynamic opportunities for continued development in their highly innovative business. With such a strong reputation internationally, this is an opportunity not to miss to progress your career. A fantastic opportunity exists for a talented Financial Accountant to join the team. Reporting to the Assistant Director, your key duties will include: Preparation of month end accounts Balance sheet & P&L reconciliations Preparation of statutory accounts Tax compliance - BAS, FBT and income tax Variance analysis between forecast actuals and budgets Assist with audit process Finance improvement initiative and ad-hoc projects To be considered for this role, you will be CA/CPA qualified with 5 - 8 years relevant experience; ideally with a mix of chartered (preferably Big 4 trained) and/or commercial. You will also have great organisational skills, excellent communication and ability to engage with various stakeholders and be hands on.  To apply for this role please email your resume to peter.do@lawsonelliott.com.au quoting reference number PD4921 or for further information please call Peter Do on (02) 8274 0208.     
 Join a company that values innovative ideas and flexible work practices Project accounting position within a global Defence organisation 12 month fixed-term position, located in Newcastle, New South Wales BAE Systems Australia's core values of Trusted, Innovative and Bold under pin everything we do.  Passionate people work at BAE Systems and the team contributes to something really big - the defence of Australia.  Due to expansion, our Training and Air Combat Support business has an exciting opportunity for a Project Accountant to support multiple projects, both existing and those transitions into new contracts, maintaining the integrity and transparency of financial data, in order to facilitate planning and decision making.   Applications are now sought from dynamic Project Accountant professionals to support the business, based at our Williamtown site, on a fixed-term basis.  Experience true work-life balance without compromising job satisfaction or career development, by joining our Aerospace team.  As one of our Project Accountants, you will: Create and or improve processes used to calculate accurate, timely and efficient reporting of financial data Provide variance and trend analysis Operate and maintain budgeting and forecasting files and processes for the projects Provide detailed, accurate and relevant reporting and commentary by the specified deadlines on forecasts, budget and cash flow to the Project team and Corporate Staff. Support in stock and fixed asset reporting and management Assist with the preparation and consolidation of the project Annual Budget and Monthly rolling forecast Ongoing maintenance and monitoring for billing and costing processes, including incorporating changes resulting from Contract Change Proposal's (CCP's) Support project cash management including foreign exchange management and hedging Prepare journals for project accruals and adjustments  As the ideal applicant, you will have:  Experience as a Project Accountant with exposure to a project environment paired with relevant tertiary qualifications and hold CA or CPA qualifications  Ability to interact effectively with colleagues within and outside his/her immediate team, to implement business requirements Well-developed self-management skills and demonstrated ability to work under his/her own initiative to deliver outputs to time, quality and cost High literacy and numeracy skills, especially in MS Office skills, intermediate for Word and PowerPoint, and advanced in Excel Knowledge of Australian Accounting Standards and Australian International Framework of Reporting Standards (AIFRS)  As a Defence security clearance is required for this role, applicants must be Australian citizens and eligible to obtain and maintain appropriate clearance. International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) are applicable and as such, your nationality may be a factor in determining your suitability for this role.  Applications should be addressed to: Sally Porter - Recruitment Specialist and made on-line at www.baesystemscareers.com.au  Please ensure you attach a current resume and copy of your relevant qualification(s) to your application. A cover letter is preferred.  At BAE Systems, we have a strong safety, health and environmental culture; employee safety and well-being is a top priority. We also maintain a genuine commitment to diversity and inclusion and to training and development, offer competitive benefits and enjoy a family friendly work place with flexible work practices. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply.  BAE Systems Australia employees are encouraged to refer others for employment in line with the conditions of the Employee Referral Scheme. Further information regarding clearances is available at: https://careers.au.baesystems.com/opportunity.html 
 About the business The Nugan Group, founded in 1940, diversified into wine through the establishment of vineyards and a winery. Nugan Estate is now one of Australia's Top 20 Wine Producers, and 14th ranked Wine Exporter. Exporting to many countries across the world, as well as selling to the Domestic market. It sources from some of Australia's finest wine growing regions, including the Riverina, King Valley, McLaren Vale and Coonawarra. It has won numerous trophies and medals, and is recognised as a 5 Red Star Winery by James Halliday. About the role Nugan Estate has a vacancy for a senior clerk / bookkeeper located at the winery site in Willbriggie. The position is full time, reporting to the Chief Financial Officer with responsibility for a broad range of accounting duties. The successful candidate will have several years experience in an office environment and ideally have used the Ezy Wine accounting package. Experience and competency in Microsoft Office suite and particularly Excel will be highly regarded. Remuneration will be negotiated based on the candidate's experience. Skills and experience Duties of the successful candidate include; Processing and reconciling of Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable Payroll processing and administration Maintenance of Inter-Company ledgers Reconciliation of General Ledger Accounts. Preparation of bank reconciliations. Loading payments in on-line payment system Assist with answering of phones and general office duties as required Your application and resume should be marked private and confidential and posted or emailed to: ATTN: Chief Financial Officer - Kingsley Massey Nugan Estate Pty Ltd PO Box 759 Griffith NSW 2680 Email: kmassey@nugan.com.au 
The Company With a strong global presence and  well-known name in the industry for their quality of product  this Western Sydney based business are now searching for a new Senior Commercial Manager. This position is responsible for developing manufacturing accounting and reporting systems and helping achieve the strategic goals of the company. This position is a key member of the leadership team and will be a general resource for key business initiatives throughout the company, reporting directly to the GM of Finance. Responsibilities In this key leadership role, you will lead and mentor a team ensuring timely and accurate reporting, robust controls and commercial insights to drive commercial decision-making. More specifically, you will be responsible for: Ensuring timely and accurate preparation of month-end accounts and compliance with all regulatory requirements Partnering with sales and operations teams to identify opportunities and drive performance and profitability Managing Working Capital to ensure sound financial investments are made Leading and mentoring a team to ensure continual progression opportunities Driving financial planning, budgeting, forecasting, strategy and management reporting. Lead all plant accounting and finance activities from system development to reporting and analysis. Identify, evaluate and lead key initiatives such as improvement projects, cost saving initiatives and system development projects. Key member of continuous improvement team. Drive operations towards consistency in financial practices and reporting. Lead change management activities. Other duties as assigned.    Candidate Profile    CA/CPA or MBA candidates preferred 10+ years of previous experience in manufacturing or FMCG environment Manufacturing cost system development and implementation experience required ERP system experience required - SAP Advanced proficiency in MS Word, Excel and PowerPoint required Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to effectively communicate meaningful insights and recommendations derived from data and analysis to senior management. Ability to work in a fast paced, multi-plant, multi-entity environment    To apply please email your resume to Jeff Harvey jharvey@sharpandcarter.com.au or call 0413082614. 
 An exciting and challenging role for an ambitious Commercial Analyst to join a leading ASX listed FMCG Client Details A diverse and recognisable market leader, this ASX listed business has a clear passion for its customers. This global business with an impressive portfolio of globally renowned brands is looking to expand their team. Description Reporting to the Commercial Manager your responsibilities will include but not be limited to: Assist the Sales department with accurate analytics and reports on sales volume, value and trade spend on an ongoing basis, including budgets, recommendations and forecasts Undertake detailed analysis of sales trends, key NPDs, marketing and promotional results to enable improved efficiency in reporting and analytics for various function teams Maintain data and system integrity for primary analytics and reporting tools such as SAP BPC and SAP BW, liaising with IT teams to monitor respective interfaces and raise issues where needed Support in the implementation and development of a new customer business planning tool Detailed analysis of gross profit and margin, resolve discrepancies where identified and provide analytical commentary and advice to support strategic decision making Completion of ad hoc projects as required Profile The successful applicant will be qualified with proven commercial and financial experience ideally from FMCG. Advanced MS excel proficiency and large ERP experience Strong business partner with the ability to work across functions such a supply chain, marketing and sales Solid business partner who will add value through accurate reporting Organised team player who thrives in a results high performance, results driven environment Excellent communication skills with differing levels of management Job Offer Unlimited possibilities for a challenging and unique career with excellent training and development Competitive remuneration package with company benefits Dynamic and energetic working culture To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Tiffany Duong on +61 2 8292 2506. 
 One of the most well-known retail brands based in South Australia. We are looking for someone who has high energy levels with a "can do" attitude and is in the fast lane looking for career progression to become a Buyer.     Key Responsibilities: Assisting the Buyer in determining and implementing strategies to achieve sales and margin targets Identifying trends and making recommendations to the Category Buyer Support the Buyer in promotional and campaign selections Support the Buyer in promotional proofing to ensure accuracy Assisting in the completion of regular range reviews Providing reports to assist with merchandise planning Registration and maintenance of product using in house systems Data entry and administration tasks Liaising with suppliers and maintaining professional relationships Communicating with stores and answering queries in a timely manner   Essential Qualifications and Experience: An enthusiastic individual that will be able to develop easily into this role with a willingness to take the initiative and rise to the challenges of a demanding role. A true team player with excellent communication skills and "can-do" attitude. Previous experience in a retail buying office role highly regarded Strong attention to detail and accurate data entry Ability to handle working in a fast paced environment effectively when under pressure Own initiative and problem solving skills to deliver outcomes Highly organised, systematic and efficient Impeccable attention to detail Excellent interpersonal and communication skills and the ability to build and maintain relationships at all levels and communicate effectively Proven high-level competency in Microsoft office, Excel, Word and Outlook   If this sounds like you, please apply here! 
 Our client is an established fresh produce grower and distributer who are market leading in their specialisation. They have a strong network and supply presence with major supermarkets and independents. Due to their growth, we are currently seeking a Senior Accountant to join their team and contribute to the growth and success of the business. You will be reporting to the CFO and cover the following areas: Weekly sales and profitability reporting including analysis and commentary Monitor and update cash flow reports and prepare cashflow forecasts Preparation of monthly returns (i.e. BAS, Payroll Tax, Superannuation, FBT & Workcover) Key Account Payable and liaising with external stakeholder Monthly general ledger reconciliations and month end accruals and journals Finalisation of monthly result Analytical review of weekly and monthly results Ongoing business and system improvements Ad hoc projects as required To be successful for this role you will need: 5 years' experience in financial accounting Experience in fresh produce, seasonal product industries Strong financial account skills CPA/CA Qualified Comfortable liaising with internal and external stakeholders Excellent communication skills at all levels of the organisation Experience in business and process improvement Advanced Excel and accounting software skills Strong problem solving skills What's on offer: Highly negotiable remuneration package (dependent upon experience & demonstrated skills) The chance to work in a friendly, team-based environment The opportunity to join a market-leading business If you are interested in this new opportunity, please contact Laura Robins at Fuse Recruitment on 0402 925 470 for a confidential discussion, or hit the apply button below. 
 We are looking for a friendly, energetic, mature person to fill the role of Tax Accountant or Tax Return Preparer. Sheridan's Accountants & Financial Planners are a team of 23 professional tax, accounting & financial planning staff who work closely together.  We need someone to become part of our relaxed but hard working culture, who is willing to develop client and staff relationships and help clients with their taxation compliance. We are seeking applicants with: experience doing individual tax returns using MYOB AE; comfortable working face to face with clients; excellent work ethic and time management skills; ability to work unsupervised after a training period; reliability and a sense of humour; attention to detail “ particularly when doing tax returns; clear diction and a good communication skills “ both written and spoken; experience in Xero, MYOB, Microsoft Excel & Word would be desirable; ability or desire to learn small business accounting for individuals, partnerships, companies & trusts is also desirable; We are offering: autonomy and a relaxed culture for you to develop your role with your own group of clients; full time with flexible hours; salary negotiable; onsite staff car parking; modern working environment near Jetty Road and Glenelg beaches; Christmas & New Year office closure; ongoing support and training; This is a long term position that would suit a person with several years public practice experience.  Finding the right person to fit with our great team is a priority. Applicants should forward their CV and cover letter addressing their experience as well as telling us about themselves (i.e. interests, hobbies, goals etc.,) to fairuz.azli@sheridans.net.au 
 Join a national retail brand as the payroll team leader, close to public transportation. Your new company Our client is a national retail brand located close to public transportation on the lower north shore. They have an excellent company culture with a friendly Team environment and this role offers a great opportunity for a Payroll Leader/Supervisor looking for a change. Your new role Your new role Reporting to the Finance Manager, you will be responsible for: Overseeing the Payroll function - end to end Processing high volume weekly payroll Implementation of efficiencies within the department Managing the delivery of effective payroll operations Take responsibility of overseeing and ensuring that the payroll is processed correctly, on time and in line with internal policy and regulatory requirements Monthly reconciliations to GL On boarding/terminations/redundancies All month end reporting and statutory returns (superannuation, taxation, workers compensation) Lead ongoing staff development and setting KPIs Other Adhoc reporting, analysis and requirements What you'll need to succeed The ideal candidate will have a minimum of 5 years' experience in a similar role supervising the payroll function. You will have a high level of accuracy and attention to detail and you must be able to work autonomously as well as being able to work part of a close knit team. Experience with Preceda would be extremely beneficial as well as experience working with EBAs. Australian Citizens/PR holders only. What you'll get in return This is a full time, permanent role with competitive salary and the opportunity to own the payroll function. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' or forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to Liz Green at elizabeth.green@hays.com.au , or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
Large Multi-national that is experiencing fantastic growth in their Digital business sees the ANZ region as a critical component for their future success.  Clear strategic initiatives are underway in large markets which will allow this business to be ahead of the curve compared to their competition.   Reporting to the Head of Commercial this Finance Business Partner will focus on the being a commercial finance support to their largest revenue stream,  talking full control of the P&L, producing the relevant reporting and analysis as well as be a critical business partner to the GM of the Division and Operational stakeholders. Key responsibilities include: Develop and deliver the performance management framework and KPIs that link business drivers to financial results Responsible for the preparation, consolidation and submission of forecast, budget and multi-year plans Review month-end financials; provide financial reporting and analysis in addition to coordinating the local financial business reviews Facilitate the development of business investment cases Provide advice and support to improve the business financial performance; identify and evaluate risks and opportunities Lead procurement initiatives in Australia To be considered: CA/CPA qualified Experience in planning, budgeting and forecasts Ability to add value and provide commercial support and recommendations (Business Partnering) A process improvement & measurement driven focus Good communication and ability to translate financial jargon Ability to build and maintain high performing team Attention to detail and good analytical skills Problem solving Strong People skills “ leading, coaching, developing, mentoring Please attach your cv in WORD FORMAT ONLY when applying, or telephone the Consultant listed below for a confidential discussion. 
 About the business and the role We are looking for a loyal and hardworking Bookkeeper / Accounts Clerk to work across 2 sites for 2 different entities within the Gawler region. The successful applicant must be: Loyal and honest with integrity A motivated team player with the ability to work unsupervised. A problem solver with critical thinking and attention to detail Able to use initiative and have excellent time management skills Experienced and confident using MYOB. Knowledge of Xero would be advantageous. Sound IT skills with a good working knowledge of MS Excel, Outlook, and Word Please forward your application before Wed 2nd May 2018.   Job tasks and responsibilities WITLEY ENGINEERING JOB FUNCTIONS Average of 15 hours per week Book Keeping Functions GST / BAS Statement Preparation Weekly payroll Workcover Reconciling & Reporting to Balance Sheet Accounts Receivable including billings and allocations Accounts payable including: invoicing, payments, ABA file preparation, employee expense management, queries etc. Preparing Monthly, Quarterly and Annual Profit and Loss statement Administration Job Functions Answering incoming calls Filing Ordering supplies Keeping office and communal areas tidy   PHYSIO-WISE JOB FUNCTIONS Average of 5 hours per week GST / BAS Statement Preparation Fortnightly payroll using Xero accounting software Work-cover Bank and Petty cash reconciliations Accounts Receivable including: Private health fund and Medicare allocations. Accounts payable including ABA file preparation and employee expense management Preparing Monthly, Quarterly and Annual Profit and Loss statement Skills and experience Essential Skills/Attributes: Loyal and honest with integrity Team player with the ability and confidence to work unsupervised. Sound computer skills and the ability to apply knowledge to computer hardware Experience and confidence using MYOB accounting software Proficient with MS Outlook, Word and Excel Attention to detail with good critical thinking and problem solving skills Motivated with the ability to be flexible on hours Initiative and excellent time management skills Desirable Skills/Attributes: Experience with Xero accounting package. 
 Government department based in Parramatta required an Accounts Payable Officer with Pronto experience Your new company This large state Government department based in Parramatta has a fantastic contract opportunity for an Accounts Payable Officer with experience using Pronto. Your new role You'll be working within a large Accounts Payable team and your role will primarily involve administrative and high volume transactional processing of invoices using Excel and Pronto. You will be answering enquiries and liaising with customers and internal and external stakeholders and therefore strong communication is essential. What you'll need to succeed You will be able to demonstrate previous experience using Pronto and past experience in a similar Accounts Payable position. You will have exceptional communication skills and prior experience liaising with internal and external stakeholders. Applicants who also have Ellipse experience will be prioritised. What you'll get in return This is a great role for someone who loves working in a busy environment and will feel satisfaction working towards team dead-lines in an environment which embraces continuous improvement. This role is to start immediately on an initial 3 month contract which is likely to be extended. What you need to do now If you wish to apply for this position please send your most up to date Word Formatted CV to Jessica.kimber@hays.com.au quoting the job reference. 
 My client, a well established global, corporate entity based in the CBD of Melbourne, would like to find a bright and enthusiastic individual to join their team.  The company is currently having a very healthy growth-spell and this is as a result of not only their reputable name, but also, because of a great hard-working and collaborative team culture within it.   About the role  This is a supportive role, to a team of four individuals with a high profile client base.  Your day-to-day duties will encompass a 50/50 blend of both Accounting as well as Admin Support duties.  Needless to say, being a varied role, a high standard of accuracy and prioritising is required.   Key Responsibilities Database management  Cash Book Management  Accounts Payable / Receivable  Invoicing Accurate data entry  Internal and External communications - written and verbal  Mail duties  About you  Most importantly:  You will have experience and ability of working to a high standard of accuracy and attention to detail within a similar role, ideally within a client focused environment, where reputation is everything. You will have a clear understanding of how this type of highly-supportive role is of great importance of the smooth running day-to-day functionality of a corporate team whilst concurrently being a positive addition to the culture within it.  You will have a good basic accounting and admin experience, have confidence and professionalism in your approach, and be able to 'knit well' within a team of professionals and be able to ''hold your own'' in terms of prioritising work loads.  The basics : High Intermediate to Advanced MS Word and Excel  Experience in a similar hybrid Accounts and Admin role Professional in appearance and conduct If you can meet the above criteria, and are eager to work in an environment where you will be highly valued and supported, please apply now !   
 Well-respected Organisation for an Experienced Finance Manager Your new company This well-respected organisation require an experienced Finance Manager to play a key role the finance team. Your new role Reporting to the Executive Team, you will be responsible for leading the development of financial plans and budgets for the organisation against strategy as well as the preparation of budgeting and forecasting. You will be responsible for the end to end finance function and manage a small team. Your experience and confidence will be extremely important in communicating with key stakeholders to create stable and long-lasting relationships, in order to implement essential business decisions. What you'll need to succeed You will need to be an experienced and qualified senior finance professional with a high degree of self-motivation and a meticulous eye for detail. You will the ability to build excellent relationships across all areas of the organisation and work with a variety of different stakeholders. You will also be technically astute a nd will have excellent communication skills, as well as experience managing and mentoring staff . What you'll get in return This is a rare and unique opportunity in the current market. You'll be offered a competitive six figure salary of $135k - $150k + super commensurate to experience, plus the benefit of working in a supportive team environment. You will enjoy real work life balance and a generous annual leave entitlement. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to Sam Sarsfield at sam.sarsfield@hays.com.au. 
 Aidacare is a leading national provider of Healthcare Equipment and related Services for the Health and Aged Care Industries based in Ingleburn. We are looking for a reliable Debtors Clerk. Responsibilities: Accurate and timely allocations of all payments received daily Process Cheques, EFTPOS and Credit Card slips received from sites daily and prepare daily banking Responsible for the integrity of the Debtors Ledger Obtain remittance details Ensure unallocated payments are followed up and processed Processing customer refunds Back-up support for monthly bank reconciliations Dealing with a high volume of transactions Dealing with On-line payment transaction system Filing of statements and receipts Skills/Experience Required: A minimum of 3 years experience performing account receivable duties as per responsibilities above. Complete and process all documents accurately and promptly Confidence with a high attention to detail Strong written and verbal communication skills Exposure to Dynamics GP is desirable Intermediate MS Office skills Accounts experience in a retail environment If you feel you have the skills and experience for this role please submit your resume via the seek website. Attractive salary package will be offered to the right candidate,   
Our client is an ASX listed leader and household name. With well over 80 years leading their field they have grown from strength to strength whilst maintaining a sought after culture. They pride themselves on their exceptional service and are looking for a dynamic Accounts Payable Team Leader to step into an influential role. Reporting into the Accounts Payable Manager you will benefit from a supportive team dynamic where you can grow from strength to strength. Your daily duties will entail: Lead and mentor the Accounts Payable Team Focus on process improvement and potential further implementations Be hands on and look after the full function of the AP process as required to support your team Develop and maintain internal and external key stakeholder relationships Month end reporting  Reconciliations and expenses This role is the perfect opportunity for a Senior Accounts Payable Officer or Accounts Payable Team Lead to take the next natural step in their career whilst being mentored and developed by an exceptional manager. The successful candidate will present with: At least 4 years experience working in a hands on, high volume accounts payable position Have exposure to troubleshooting and identifying key areas of improvements across systems and processes Be an outstanding communicator - a real 'people' person who can engage and influence with ease Experience working with a large ERP with at least Intermediate Excel skills You will be a natural leader who enjoys developing and mentoring your team. Use your hands on experience as an Accounts Payable Officer to step up and take the reigns whilst also engaging your team to be the best they can be. If you believe you have the above mentioned skills and attributes please apply now to Marcus Stubbs via the 'Apply Now' link. 
Client   For good reasons, this ASX listed Property Group is one of the most desirable Property companies to work for in Australia. Whilst possessing a positive, dynamic and high performing culture, they maintain a strong emphasis on succession planning and Finance being an effective and involved business partner to Operations. Role  As part of a team of Property Accountants and Analysts, you will be responsible for providing high quality support and service to a portfolio of Assets enabling optimal business decision making. There is a high expectation for the provision of quality management reports including monthly reporting, reconciliations, variance analysis, commentaries, budgeting and forecasting. Person You will be a customer-focused with excellent communication skills. You will be CA or CPA qualified with Property Accounting or Asset level Management Accounting experience from the owner or agency side. This opportunity will suit a team-player with ambitions to keep learning, developing and growing.  Apply To apply for this position, submit your CV to gabriel@redpathpartners.com or call Gabriel Fernandes on 0280714260 for more information.  Applications may take 3 - 5 days to process and due to high volumes of applications only successful applicants will be contacted. However, your application will be kept on file if a suitable position becomes available. 
 Business Services Supervisor/Manager Job, BRW Listed Chartered Accounting Firm, Up to $130K package 0280626157 Your new company Listed in the top 100, this quality professional practice firm is recognised for their practical insights and combined knowledge, exceeding expectations of clients. They are large enough to tackle the most complex of cases but have the ability to advise both domestic and international issues on a one to one basis. This fantastic firm is now looking for a Business Services Supervisor/Manager. Your new role Due to unprecedented growth within business services, this dynamic firm is on the hunt for a diligent Business Services Supervisor/Manager. You will have responsibility for the compliance and advisory needs of your own client portfolio which will include a range of business entities, high net worth individuals and much more. A proactive and hands-on approach is encouraged in identifying issues and resolving these issues. You will develop and mentor junior accountants and continue to help the team grow in liaising with clients and internal stakeholders. What you'll need to succeed You will be CA qualified with 6+ years' experience in an accounting firm. Credit to distinction average marks from university are desired to be successful and you will be motivated to progress and develop with the business and the people you manage. The right candidate will have excellent communication skills and be able to impress in their presentation style. You will be professional and time efficient with a drive to succeed. What you'll get in return You will receive a generous package on top of a fantastic family-friendly culture. Monthly and quarterly social events are a big deal for my client and they enjoy the team getting to know each other on more of a social basis. They also encourage working with different teams to broaden ones perspective on clients and the varying complexity levels of different cases. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to Tara O'Regan at tara.oregan@hays.com.au or call on 0(2)8062 6157. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 The Company Robert Half is currently recruiting Working Holiday Visa candidates for exciting finance/accounting roles in and around Melbourne CBD. This is an excellent opportunity to work in various industries and environments where assignments could be for 1 to 6 months in length. The Role Experience in one of the following roles is essential: Accounts Payable Accounts Receivable Payroll Credit Control Collections Accounts Officer Assistant Accountant Accountant Your Profile To be successful, you will be experienced in one of the above listed roles and be able to commit to work for the duration of the contract if offered. You will have excellent communication and interpersonal skills and have a 'can do' attitude. Previous experience using large ERP systems would be a major advantage! Apply Today Please send your resume by clicking on the apply button. Job Reference: 06810-0010331873NT 
Company This leading multinational has extensive operations globally. This has been driven by acquisitions and organic growth. It has a large and successful business here in Australia. It is undergoing a period of transformation which will enable it to build on its success over the medium term. This role will play a pivotal part in this change and development.         Position Reporting to the MD ANZ your key responsibility will be to act as a trusted sounding board across the leadership group in Australia and New Zealand. This will include 50% commercial partnering, process improvement & strategy & 50% technical finance. This is a key role with significant commercial and strategic responsibility and will be very visible right across the business. You will partner all aspects of the business. In addition you will be leading and motivating a large and experienced team. Profile You will be CA/CPA qualified. Experience in a multinational environment is preferable. You will be a proven leader who is able to influence and empower others and take people with you in a collaborative way. Excellent communication skills, good judgement and a "can do" attitude are also essential. In addition you will be able to influence at all levels with integrity and transparency.  Benefits This is an excellent opportunity with significant commercial and strategic responsibility. You will be a key sounding board to the local MD. You will be a very senior part of the leadership group in a business faced with plenty of opportunities as well as a number of challenges. The commercial and stakeholder management is a key focus. The impact of your decisions and actions will be very tangible. You will have autonomy as well as support to drive change. For someone who enjoys partnering the operations in a business this is a fantastic opportunity. Apply To find out more please call Andrew Pownall on +612 9262 4836 or apply at www.moirgroup.com.au. To be alerted when we advertise a new job please set up a "job alert" by visiting us at our website www.moirgroup.com.au 
 Accounts Receivable Officer  Located in Eagle Farm Top hourly rate                                              Brilliant client - immediate start available - great hourly rate! If you are available for a 2 month temp assignment in a varied and interested Accounts Receivable role then this is an opportunity not to be missed!!!!    Duties include: Accounts Receivable End of month processing Reconciliation of debtor accounts Debt collection and receipting of debtor payments                               The ideal candidate will have: Ability to commit to a 2 month temp assignment available for an immediate start Proven experience performing full function Accounts Receivable Team player attitude Solid knowledge of Excel Exceptional attention to detail   So ready to temp?  We are interviewing immediately for this role!!!  Forward your resume without delay to Jacquie Speirs by clicking on the Apply Now button!   PLEASE NOTE:  only shortlisted candidates will be contacted on this occasion.  We thank you in advance for applying for this role.   
 GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) is an innovative global leader in pharmaceutical research and development with a long and proud history in Australia. We are a patient focused organisation with a mission to improve the quality of human life, enabling people to do more, feel better and live longer. Our diverse business is made up of three areas: Pharmaceuticals, Consumer Healthcare and Vaccines. We currently have an exciting opportunity for a Senior Business Insight Analyst to join our Commercial Excellence team. This role will partner with the GSK pharmaceutical and vaccines business to provide high level analytical input and guidance to support decision making, measure business performance and help drive our multi-channel marketing strategy and capability. Your responsibilities will be broad and will include: Developing and implementing sound analytical models to support and measure campaign performance, channel effectiveness. Working with marketing teams to identify the optimal marketing channel mix based on analysis and return on investment. Building campaign and KPI dashboards to enable tracking and to provide insight and rigour into the interpretation of campaign results. Making recommendations on optimized sales territory structures aligned to strategy and business performance objectives. Developing and managing reporting on web traffic, email performance and pay per click advertising. Mentoring and supporting the broader Business Intelligence team. To be successful in this role you will have: Experience in a Senior Analyst role within a large, complex business with a passion for data analytics. Advanced Excel modelling and analytical capabilities. (VBA and Macro levels skills are desirable) An expert level working knowledge of digital, customer and data analytics tools and processes. Unparalleled communication, influencing and relationship building skills. A degree in a finance, marketing or a relevant field. Google and/or Adobe Analytics experience (preferred) Ability to translate complex technical concepts into a suitable format for a non-technical audience. This role represents a great chance to showcase your modelling, data analytics and influencing skills in a fast paced and varied environment and to make an active contribution to our GSK digital marketing strategy. *LI-GSK   
 Our Client With offices located throughout Australia, this leading service provider offers exceptional customer service to a diverse industry base. The Role Reporting to the Financial Controller you will manage the following responsibilities: Accurate and timely processing of weekly payroll Guiding and supporting a payroll team of 4.  Managing the use of ADP and time in attendance payroll systems Maintaining employee records Answering payroll related queries Maintaining payroll related data and collation for reporting purposes Adherence to statutory requirements The Successful Candidate An astute payroll professional you enjoy working in a busy yet supportive environment.  You are a highly organised individual who is extremely capable of meeting deadlines at all times. With an excellent working knowledge of ADP and time in attendance systems, your ability to effectively communicate with internal and external business stakeholders is the key to your success. This is an excellent contract role for a senior payroll professional who is available immediately Please email your resume to Maree Lacy via SEEK. Please note: Only shortlisted applicants will be contacted. We appreciate your understanding. 
 Build your career with an Australian leader! Work with and learn from a talented and dedicated team! As a highly commercial international organisation, you will find yourself working with a forward thinking and innovative organisation. In return, the company offers excellent training and support set in professional offices with a great working environment. Due to growth in the team, a rare opportunity has arisen for a Junior Credit Controller join our team in Lidcombe. This is an entry-level role, so no particular experience is required as we will train you up from scratch. It will suit someone with an excellent work ethic, lots of enthusiasm, ambition and energy! We are in search of someone who is highly motivated and very keen to learn no matter what background you come from. The main duties for this role include, but will not be limited to: Liaising with customers on a daily basis in relation to their accounts Managing a debtors ledger of customers once trained Reviewing collection activities and the status of outstanding accounts with your manager on a weekly basis Handling arrangements/activities of collection agents on delinquent Preparing documents for bad debt write-offs and lodge claims/proof of debts against liquidators/receivers The ideal candidate will possess: The capacity to achieve results with minimum supervision Ability to multi-task in a fast paced environment Exceptional written and verbal communication skills Self-Motivation, ability to work in a team and autonomously Intermediate Microsoft Office skills As part of the recruitment process, you will be required to complete the pre-employment medical, police and reference checks. Rentokil Initial is a member of the FTSE 100 of leading companies. This is a growing and successful business - we employ some 36,000 colleagues across 66 countries - and offer a wide range of learning and development programmes for colleagues to enhance their skills. Some two million customers rely on us to get the job done, quickly and effectively. Customers range from the largest multi-nationals to local restaurants and individual home owners. If you are looking for an exciting role with the opportunity to advance your career and have strong analytic skills coupled with the ability to communicate with a broad range of customers across a range of commercially sensitive issues relating to outstanding debt then this is the role for you! APPLY NOW! 
 Government department based in Parramatta requires a Revenue Officer with strong reconciliations skills Your new company This major Parramatta based Government Department provides a high standard of business support to a number of core divisions, and they are looking for a specialist in reconciliations to join them on a contract basis. Your new role Your new role will be primarily manual processing and reconciliation of high volume transactions of revenue from multiple channels. You will be allocating payments, reconciling bank accounts and statements and all related administration. This is a busy role within a team environment which requires exceptional attention to detail and strong communication skills as you will be liaising with other departments and customers. Other adhoc duties to support to Revenue and Accounts function will also be required. What you'll need to succeed This role needs a proactive self-starting individual who can demonstrate a strong background in bank and revenue reconciliations. You will be an advanced user of Excel. The successful candidate will be a professional who prides themselves on exceptional attention to detail and exemplary levels customer service. What you'll get in return This role offers an excellent hourly rate and an initial 6 month contract in Parramatta with potential to extend according to operational requirements. What you need to do now If you wish to apply for this position please click ˜apply' or send your most up to date Word Formatted CV to Jessica Kimber - Jessica.kimber@hays.com.au quoting the job reference. 
 A growing Australian Food & Horticulture Commodity Trading House is seeking an administrator to manage the businesses bookkeeping and accounts function. The company has extensive exposure to international horticulture and food trade through a diverse customer base. The role requires excellent attention to detail and cordial and direct communication skills. This is an exciting role within a growing business. Day-to-day duties will include: Ensuring accurate preparation of shipping documentation and accounting implications Preparing ledger entries on a daily basis and post financial data in the industry specific accounting system used by the company Handle accounts receivable and accounts payable Prepare and process customer invoices through the company accounting system Prepare and process supplier payments Reconcile bank statement and review payroll records Prepare and distribute periodical statements Handle expense reports Preparation of quality and timely financial reports This is a full-time permanent position ased in Corinda, Brisbane, the successful candidate will be responsible for routine bookkeeping duties paying special attention to accounts payable, receivable and operating cash flows. The role will require proficient handling of general ledger and account reconciliations along with the ability to resolve and work through financial problems and discrepancies. The successful candidate will play a very important role within the business and will be valued accordingly. The role will require direct liason with customers and suppliers on financial matters, which in turn will require the ability to communicate effectively and build strong personal relationships based on integrity and accountability. To be successful in this role you should possess the following personal attributes and experience: Great attention to detail and patience Self motivated and proactive Computer Proficiency (Excel, In-House ERP/Database to be taught, email, Word) Strong interpersonal skills and a positive disposition toward others Strong resolve, flexibility, and high levels of responsibility and autonomy The ability to implement the operating procedures aimed at improving all aspects of your role What we can offer you: An industry competitive remuneration package that will reflect your skills and experience Growth opportunities within the role The opportunity to grow with a hard working Australian business committed to customer service and industry development. If you have an interest in this outstanding opportunity, please apply now. Thank you 
A permanent opportunity has arisen to work for this fast-paced retail organisation, base din the Rosebery/Zetland area.  As the Collections/AR Officer, you will report to the Finance Manager and take ownership over a portion of the debtors ledger. Your core role will be to build relationships with clients (internally and externally) with a view to collecting outstanding debt and maintaining a low DSO. You'll contact clients directly via phone and email, investigate unallocated payments and seek to have funds applied and reconciled.  More specifically, you will;  Set up new accounts  Process & issue invoices and credit notes   Banking & allocation of payments  Collections/account resolution  Debtor Reporting  Account Reconciliation  Other adhoc duties as required You'll be a tenacious, but customer-focussed, collections/AR professional able to get results whilst also adopting a strategic approach to the collection of monies. Your relationship management skills will be second to none.  As a minimum, you'll be an outstanding communicator, with a professional approach and will have recent collections, or phone-driven customer service experience. If this sounds like the right move for you, please hit the 'Apply' button below. 
 About the role  An exciting and challenging position as a commercial analyst with a large Australian listed retail company has been made available due to organic growth. Reporting into the commercial manager, you will be responsible for high level budgeting, analysis and business partnering with a specific business unit. This role would be an ideal move for a candidate with an FMCG, Retail or similar background. Big 4 experience will also be considered advantageous. The responsibilities Your responsibilities will include but will not be limited to: Analysis of various business units revenues with the objective of bringing greater understanding of sales trends relating to customers and products High level budgeting for each business unit including incorporating gains and attrition, pricing and growth assumptions Monthly review of sales, COGS and other selling expenses against budget and forecasts to identify any major variations. Form and document trends or variances in trends at month end close. Understanding of various ERP systems including an ability to extract data as and when required for further analysis Completion of Daily Sales reports  The successful applicant will have Degree in accounting or related degree CA qualifications Excellent communication and organisation skills Advanced Excel skills Big 4 training Experience within a large ERP system  Additional benefits Work with a large Australian listed retail company Household products Close to local cafes and eateries Unlimited career progression About the client Our client is an Australian listed multinational Retail company, They boast some of the most recognisable brands on the Australian market. How to apply  To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Patrick Ryan on 0401 205 364 or pryan@sharpandcarter.com.au, quoting Ref No PR 13002 
 About BHP At BHP we support our people to grow, learn, develop their skills and reach their potential. With a global portfolio of operations, we offer a diverse and inclusive environment with extraordinary career opportunities.  Our strategy is to focus on creating a safe work environment where our employees feel strongly connected to our values and objectives, and where the capability of our people is key to our success. About Nickel West Nickel West is a fully integrated mine-to-market business. Our culture is rich with technical know-how, highly efficient and focused on innovation. The business employs over 2500 people from five operations across Western Australia comprising of nickel underground and open-cut mines, concentrators, a smelter and a refinery. We also have plans to expand our operations with new mines in the northern Goldfields and a large nickel sulphate plant in Kwinana. A member of the BHP Group, Nickel West is undergoing an exciting business transformation to become a globally significant supplier of battery materials to the electric vehicle market. Nickel West will soon become the world's largest producer of Nickel Sulphate, a key ingredient in lithium-ion batteries. As the world's largest producer of nickel briquettes and nickel powder, Nickel West is leading the new-energy revolution in Western Australia. Nickel West has an exciting future ahead. We invite you to join us at Nickel West as we seek to energize our future. About the Role Great Leadership opportunity based at Brookfield Place Competitive salary on offer plus 12% superannuation and a range of company benefits BHP Nickel West actively supports a diverse workforce and encourages Female and Indigenous applicants to apply This is a great opportunity for a proactive, dynamic and highly astute professional to join our Finance team in Perth supporting the Finance Manager to deliver all Financial Accounting and Tax obligation requirements for the business. Based out of our Perth office the Superintendent Financial Accounting will work in the broader finance team and report directly into the Finance Manager. The primary purpose of this role will be to provide Accounting and Taxation support to the business to enable the business to meet all its statutory Accounting and external Taxation commitments. This role will predominately be responsible for the following: Coordinating the year end and half year end statutory reporting obligations for the business; Ensuring sound governance over the balance sheet, which includes the annual stewardship review process; Maintain a strong internal control framework and ensure team compliance to Sarbles Oxley (SOX) and internal controls; Manage the monthly and annual taxation effect calculations of the business; Ensure compliance with all direct and indirect taxation obligations; Ensure compliance with all royalty obligations; Liaise with Kuala Lumpur (KL) team on all tasks performed by KL. Coordinate and oversee the team responsible for financial accounting and taxation tasks; Oversee the month end process in 1SAP and the consolidation to deliver the month end reporting deliverables to the Business; Oversee the Economic Contribution Report reporting; Review and preparation (in certain instances) of Accounting and Taxation Advice; About You To be a success in the role you will require: Accounting/Finance/Commerce Degree qualified (CPA / CA is preferred). Strong experieince in Financial Accounting and Taxation. Demonstrated expertise across a broad range of taxation compliance and advisory issues. Demonstrated expertise in Accounting Standards and Balance Sheet management. Experience with Sarbles Oxley and internal control framework. Experience with SAP and Tax Integrator. Demonstrated experience in managing a team. Your ability to be proactive and work collaboratively will be paramount to your success.  Personal qualities that you bring will include strong leadership skills, communication and interpersonal skills, ability to quickly analyse and solve for potential Accounting and Taxation issues and ability to plan and prioritise work. In addition, you will have energy and enthusiasm, thrive under a dynamic and energetic work environment and have the capacity to proactively work under pressure and meet deadlines.  As part of the recruitment process for this position you may be required to undergo a pre-employment medical and participate in a background screen including a criminal history check, identity check and qualifications check. Nickel West Perth “ Brookfield Place Nickel West “ Perth operates from City Square located in the heart of the Perth CBD.  The building itself reflects the latest thinking in corporate workplace design and facilities with the centerpiece of the development being a 45 storey tower which is home to the other BHP group of companies in Western Australia To Apply Short listing for this position will commence on 30th of April 2018,  however we do reserve the right to close this position earlier than stated.  To enable us to process your application as quickly as possible simply click on the ˜apply' button below. 
 The Organisation Our client is a resource company doing well in today's market with new projects bringing more work in. This is a great team who will offer guidance and development but know how to keep a fun culture. The Role Reporting into the FC, this role will have the following duties; Assisting with group consolidations Assisting in the preparation of financial statements Cashflow reporting & forecasting Balance sheet reconciliations Assist with maintaining the fixed asset register Assisting the Financial Controller as required The Requirements You will be looking to start or studying towards your CA/CPA or equivalent You MUST have 1-2 years commercial experience. Excellent communication skills and a desire to develop your skills and add real value How to apply: If you are interested in applying for this role then please follow the link. Please note, due to the number of applications only successful applicants will be contacted 
 About the Company This organisation operates in the Community Services space. They have experienced growth over the past few years and are looking for a strong finance manager to join their team on a contract basis. The organisation likes to employ experienced and ambitious employees so they can focus on providing premium services to their clients. About the Role Reporting to the Financial Controller this role is responsible for developing and communicating financial procedures across the organisation. The organisation has a lot of projects they would like to deliver in the short term so you will have experience with change management. You will be responsible for designing, implementing financial policies and procedures as well as developing instructions and training tools. About you: To successful candidate will: CA/ CPA qualified with at least 5 years of experience You will be an experience Financial Controller / Finance Manager with experience in a large complex organisation. You will have exceptional communication skills and have the ability to influence and implement change You will deal with multiple stakeholders across the organisation as well as external auditors The benefits Great salary on offer Work for a large complex organisation Work on large projects where no day will be the same To apply, click the link and upload your current resume in word format. If you would like to have a confidential discussion, please contact Skye Veivers on 07 3023 1003, quoting ref no. JO-1804-88549. Want to know more about Davidson? Visit us at www.davidsonwp.com 
 Alongside AP and AR you will also be responsible for month/year end duties and other adhoc finance tasks. You will act as the key liaison between the Finance Department, Clients, the Client Account Managers and/or General Managers for each campaign within those accounts. This role is an excellent opportunity to join a stable team on a permanent basis. Working under the FC and, you will have primary responsibility for inputting accounting data into the general ledger and full function Accounts Payable & Receivable. Key Responsibilities This is a pivotal role within the Finance team reporting directly to the Financial Controller. Within the role includes the following key deliverables: Matching, batching and coding invoices daily Generating and processing weekly EFT / cheque payment runs Creating and raising purchase orders Processing and reviewing staff expenses Reconciliations; supplier statement, bank account and inter-company Monthly reconciliation and analysis of all payroll entries Maintaining leave, sickness and overtime reports Reconciliation of petty cash funds Providing assistance to the accounts supervisor with tasks as requested Key Requirements It is essential that you have a background in a similar role ideally within education in a role that required accurate processing skills, excellent administration and organisational ability. As well as: Strong technical skills Effective written and verbal communication skills Ability to work both as part of a team and autonomously Previous AP/AR experience As a goal oriented person you will be looking to join a professional environment, and able to work in a timely fashion in the entry of source documents and preparation of reconciliations. To apply please click apply or call Sarah Dow on 02 8289 3129 for a confidential discussion. 
 Full time position with an Immediate Start preferred. SOR “Wattleup location. Solid Accounts Receivable experience essential. Established in 1993, the Complete Group incorporates Complete Portables and Complete Site Services. Maintaining its status as a leader in the amenities hire and sales industry, the Complete Group provides affordable portable solutions to the domestic building, construction, mining and government sectors. Reporting directly to the Group Accountant, this role will be based at our manufacturing facility SOR in Wattleup.  Your primary focus will be Accounts Receivable.  Therefore the successful candidate will possess a mature outlook, be results driven and have excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Key responsibilities include: Manage all aspects of the Accounts Receivable function including system maintenance, debt collection and reporting. Investigate and resolve any Accounts Receivable issues that arise. Negotiating repayment schedules. Accounts Receivable reconciliations. Daily Bank Account reconciliations. Accurate weekly reports for the MD on Debtors, Credits, Disputes, Stop Credit etc. Accurate monthly reports for the MD, Group Accountant on all aspects of Accounts Receivable. Reconciling Debtor accounts. Backup to Accounts Payable function. Back up to some Payroll functions. Processing Weekly/Monthly customer invoicing. Processing monthly customer statements. To be considered for this position you will need to demonstrate the following skills and attributes: A minimum of 5 years Accounts Receivable Experience Be proficient in MS Office, especially Excel. Attention to detail and pride in delivering consistently accurate work. Operates as a positive and collaborative member of the team. Excellent data entry skills with high level of attention to detail and troubleshooting skills. Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. The ability to prioritise, work to deadlines and targets. Work autonomously at times, as well as part of a team. Experience with Sage Timberline, MYOB and Insphire would be advantageous, but not essential. If you have a flexible, enthusiastic and "can do" attitude, we would like to hear from you.  In return we offer excellent working conditions within a busy and challenging environment, with great rewards for the right person. Please note: Only shortlisted applicants will be contacted. Please note: NO agencies please.   
 SMSF Accounting Job, Paying up to $80,000 package Your new company Top 20 Chartered firm seeking a new SMSF Accountant to be part of their growing Superannuation team. Your new role You will be responsible for a large number of funds. Your work will involve drafting, reviewing and preparing the funds in additional with liaising with client queries on a regular basis, as well as assisting more junior staff in this team. What you'll need to succeed You will need solid exposure to self-managed superfunds within either a chartered firm or a financial services organisation. You will have very strong communication and interpersonal skills, as well as previous exposure dealing directly with clients via phone or email. Class Super knowledge will be highly valued. What you'll get in return A generous package, as well as the ability to grow with one of the largest chartered firms nationally. The benefit of working in this firm is that you can leverage knowledge & clients off the Business Services, Wealth & Tax teams in order to grow your profile. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Tara O'Regan now on 02 8062 6157, or email me your current CV to tara.oregan@hays.com.au and i will be in touch if you're profile is suitable. 
 We are seeking to appoint a full-time, ongoing Senior Finance Officer within the Corporate Services (Finance) area of the County Court of Victoria.ã The County Court of Victoria is established pursuant to the County Court Act 1958. It has original and appellate jurisdiction and is the principal trial court in the State of Victoria. The Court hears over 11,000 criminal and civil cases a year. The County Court has unlimited monetary jurisdiction in civil matters. In its criminal jurisdiction, the Court hears all indictable offences except treason, murder and related offences.  ã There are a total of 65 Judges of the Court and over 200 staff, including judicial support staff. The County Court regularly conducts circuit sittings at 12 circuit courts situated in major centres throughout regional Victoria.ã The County Court is committed to continuous improvement in accordance with the International Framework for Court Excellence.ã The Court's vision is to be a leader in court excellence, delivering the highest standard of justice to the community and inspiring public confidence in the rule of law.ã Reporting to the Director Corporate Services, the Senior Finance Officer is primarily responsible for providing a range of high quality corporate, finance and administrative support functions and customer services for the staff, management and judiciary of the County Court of Victoria. As a member of a small team, the Senior Finance Officer will assist with administering statutory requirements, financial management standards and practices, and working in a high performing corporate services team of finance and administration.ã To be successful in this role you will require demonstrated knowledge of the relevant Acts, regulations, directions and policies applicable to government accounting processes together with an ability to provide exemplary levels of customer service in a seamless manner, effectively addressing issues whilst managing stakeholder expectations. If this sounds like you, apply now! How to Apply: Applicants are encouraged to apply online, outlining professional skills, knowledge and personal qualities.  Applications should include: 1) resume        2) a short covering letter and 3) completed application form (see file attachment). You are only required to address the Key Selection Criteria listed in the Application Form. Individual responses to "key selection criteria" listed on the Position Description are not required. Attachments can be uploaded in either Microsoft Word or PDF format. Applicants should view the full position description attached to this advertisement before applying.  For all enquiries regarding this position, please contact Keith Kirkham on (03) 8636 6473. Applications close Thursday 03 May 2018  
 We currently have a great opportunity for a Bookkeeper to join an up and coming FMCG organisation, who are looking to significantly grow their operations. This opportunity also offers the benefit of being conveniently located within close proximity to the Melbourne CBD and possesses a fun and energetic working culture. Client Details Our client is a relatively new Australian owned and operated fast moving consumer goods organisation who love to provide their clients with the best quality product on each and every occasion. This position is one that will have you working as a bookkeeper at their Melbourne CBD location, where they are known for having a friendly and dynamic workplace environment. Description Reporting to the Senior Finance Manager, your role will include but will not be limited to: Accurately inputting and processing end to end payables/receivables Ensuring all outstanding debts are paid to relevant credit terms Processing end to end payroll for up to 100 employees Handling all employee payroll enquires Liaise with suppliers regarding invoicing discrepancies Monthly reporting and reconciliations of all accounts Additional HR Functions as required Profile The successful applicant would ideally have previous experience in a similar bookkeeping environment and be able to demonstrate a high level of time management skills. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills are also required. You will also have the ability to multi-task and prioritise tasks to ensure you meet required deadlines. Previous experience using a large ERP would also preferred, however is not essential. Job Offer Permanent Position Fun Working Culture Flexible Working Conditions Attractive Salary Package Growth Opportunity To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact James Stewart on +61 3 8616 6219. 
   Emerge Associates is a leading combined Landscape Architectural and Environmental consultancy. We are a privately owned business with an energetic team of 60+ staff at our head office in Subiaco. We provide a broad range of services to the land development, urban renewal, retail and commercial projects, industrial and related sectors. What role are we looking to fill? We are looking for an experienced and diligent Assistant accountant to work as part of our finance team in a part-time permanent position (0.52FTE) with an immediate start date. Your responsibilities will include: Payroll function and superannuation Accounts Payable Accounts Receivable Bank and Visa card reconciliations Maintaining a consistently high level of data entry General ledger maintenance Maintain personnel records Assisting in preparation of BAS & Payroll Tax Some administrative duties Who is our preferred candidate? Reporting directly to the Finance Manager/Controller our ideal candidate will be self-motivated with a keen eye for detail and an ability to work independently and as part of a team. Experience in working with MYOB (including MYOB Payroll) and Microsoft Office are essential for this position. They successful candidate will also be able to demonstrate the following: Previous working experience in a similar role Good understanding of accounting principles Proficiency in management of bookkeeping and administration Solutions focused and reliable approach Excellent communication skills, both verbal & written High accuracy levels, attention to detail & outstanding organisational skills Additional accounting and project management/time recording software experience would be an advantage. Please submit a cover letter outlining your experience and apply on SEEK. This role is only available for people with permanent working rights in Australia       
 Fantastic opportunity for a vibrant Senior Accountant to join a world leading manufacturer of medical devices offering $100k plus super. Client Details An innovative medical device business with over 2,000 employees. This medium size subsidiary on the North Shore is passionate about their customers and the devices they provide. The Australian entity continues to experience steady growth and is in search of a dynamic Senior Accountant to join their inclusive finance team. Description Reporting to the Financial Controller your responsibilities will include but not be limited to: Preparation of statutory financial statements Financial analysis and comprehensive variance reporting, resolve discrepancies where identified Routine forecasting and budgeting Assist with year-end reporting and audit processes, as well preparation of the group's annual financial report Provide analytical commentary and advice to support strategic decision making Completion of ad hoc projects as required Profile The successful applicant will be qualified with at least 4 years' experience. Advanced MS excel proficiency A business partner with the ability to work across finance and non-finance (eg. supply chain, sales and marketing) Solid understanding of accounting standards and principles Organised team player with attention to detail and problem solving skills Excellent communication skills with differing levels of management Job Offer Great diverse opportunity to be a key player within a supportive culture. Stable position with long term career prospects. Attractive salary of $100-$120k plus super (depending on work experience) To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Tiffany Duong on +61 2 8292 2506. 
 The Company This practice currently has over 25 professional staff and 3 Partners, which includes an experienced senior leadership team and a group of driven and passionate accountants and business advisers. Established more than 20 years ago, this firm has a secure client base which continues to grow. They are highly recognised for their depth and knowledge in accounting, tax and the solid advice they provide to their clients. Their client base covers a broad range of industries, including manufacturing, media, advertising and IT, with turnovers ranging up to $100M. You will be working in a team environment with direct contact and mentoring from Senior members of staff and Partners. They have a policy of investing in their staff and continued development of skills, knowledge and experience. You will experience ongoing professional development through diverse experiences, training and educational programs to improve key skills, knowledge and the level of service provided to clients. The Position Your role will include but no be limited too; Preparation of tax returns and financial statements for Companies, Partnerships & Trusts Consulting with clients and assist with preparing taxation advice, restructuring, asset protection and estate planning Be involved with the management of the client relationship About You Hold a relevant degree qualification CA or CPA near completion or desire to start 2 years + experience as a Business Services Accountant Have exposure to dealing with clients Experience using MYOB & XERO Clear communication skills, both written and verbal Enjoy working in a team environment and being part of a collaborative culture If you are interested in this opportunity or would like to discuss your career, please apply below for a confidential discussion. Sam Sweeney 
 Join an innovative large commercial organisation with their head office based in Brisbane New Farm Location Join friendly and motivated team On street parking About the Company: This reputable business practice is conveniently located near public transport and local amenities. Head Office, consisting of 100+ employees, you will you will join an innovative company that has a friendly and collaborative work environment. The partners have developed a culture where sharing knowledge between team members and supporting one another to professionally develop is key. This highly regarded organisation has been around for 20 plus years sustaining market share and growth. They have developed a reputable name for themselves in the Brisbane market and exclusively retain a large client base from a range of industries. You will gain exposure to multiple entities and have the ability to develop your knowledge and skills. Due to increased workload, they are now seeking an eager data officer to join one of their teams. About the Role: You will work in a team environment but given complete autonomy to compete the tasks at hand. You will be responsible for day to day reporting and generation of data through excel. Duties: Manage daily data extraction Create excel spreadsheet reports Use pivot tables and V-lookups General administration duties Skills & Experience: Prior experience in a data role is essential in seeing you succeed Strong written and verbal communication skills Solid excel experience Benefits: On site cafÃ© Annual networking events and conferences Quarterly awards Opportunity to professionally develop your career Day off on your birthday Monthly morning teas, quarterly team lunches and annual work parties Modern offices with an open floor plan How to Apply: Please directly Apply or contact Ines Rajak B.Bus (Fin) for further information on (07) 3231 1200. Ref No. LH1239 
 TwoScots have a superb opportunity available for an aspiring finance analyst to immerse themselves into the commercial operations of a rapidly growing organisation. About The Business Our amazing client is a life-changing organisation, providing highly-specialised services in the medical industry to a rapidly-evolving global market. The business is responsible for the research, design, creation and distribution of a range of products and solutions to elite professionals working in high-pressure environments. They are a large, listed business headquartered in the US, where they are looking to capitalise on a booming regional market across ANZ. About The Role With the business continuing their path for 100% growth in a 5 year period, the resulting growth has driven the sales, marketing and operations function of the business to continuously adapt, and now they require a commercially astute accountant to provide hands-on support. As Commercial Analyst, you'll partner with the sales function, liaising with EGMs and Directors. Continuously tying your work back to finance, your responsibilities will include: Developing business cases to identify new business opportunities in a highly competitive market Developing finance models, adding-value to financial forecasting and planning Preparing (and presenting) quarterly rolling forecasts Detailed market and competitor analysis for the ANZ/Asia region including detailed gross margin and revenue analysis Working with internal stakeholders to develop deeper understanding of business drivers and process improvements About YOU Our client is looking for a commercially-sound accountant to join the business on a permanent basis. With regards to character, you should be highly resilient, have outstanding attention to detail and have extensive commercial acumen. Technically, we are looking for someone with proven experience in driving new business sales performance. We are looking for someone with the following: Part or full CA or CPA qualifications (not essential) 3+ years in a commercial role, closely supporting sales A willingness to grow and evolve with a business on the up Strong excel skills to assist in financial modelling Detailed finance reporting capabilities If this sounds like the role for you, please don't hesitate to contact me for more information. Please note, as our recruitment office is based in Melbourne, you should call 03 8624 2513, or alternatively apply now so we can review your background. 
 Tax Accountant - 3 Month Contract Multinational Media business with established finance team Fast paced role within a collaborative team environment Interviews will take place with week and immediate start The Role Our client is a Multinational Media Business and they have engaged us to recruit a Senior Tax Accountant to assist during their peak busy period. Reporting directly to the Corporate Finance Manager your key duties will include but not be limited to; Preparation of company tax returns and its schedules Assistance with transfer pricing documentation. Prepare/review tax provision (Tax Effect Accounting) Liaise with the operational business to gain accurate information for tax returns and TEA The Candidate This role will suit a highly motivated individual who enjoys Tax Accounting and that can work within a target driven environment during a busy year end period. You must possess the following skills; A solid tax background with a strong understanding of Tax rules / compliance Advanced Excel skill Be able to work autonomously Strong prioritisation and excellent time management skills Be a team player and be able to work under pressure to meet deadlines Knowledge of OneSource Corporate Tax software is an advantage Hourly Rate: $60- $70 + Super per hour (Depending on experience) Apply You must be immediately available or have a 1-2 week notice period. Interviews will take place this week. Please apply via the link or send your CV directly to jack.nicholls@hudson.com 
 About the business ILSC builds lives and careers through education at our campuses in Brisbane, Sydney and Melbourne s well as in Canada and India. At  ILSC, we pride ourselves on our inclusive, creative and energetic atmosphere. Our mission is to provide staff transformative work and study experiences and we are looking for passionate and like-minded individuals to join our team We are looking for a Finance Officer with all-round experience. This role suit a person with around 2-3 years experienced who enjoy multi tasks in accounting department. About the role Duties will include but are not limited: Collection and reconciliation of payments received General Ledger and Reconciliations Data Entry and Bookkeeping Assisting others with reconciliation tasks as required Accounts Payable Accounts Receivable Miscellaneous administrative duties Skills and experience Applicant should have the following: A formal qualification in Commerce or Business in accounting Have knowledge with Microsoft Office programs (Outlook, Word and Excel) Able to demonstrate your knowledge and experience in Finance, prefer in international School Deliver high standard customer service Able to prioritise tasks High level communication skill If you interested in this role, send your resume and covering letter to Finance Manager by email to nate.wang@ilsc.com.au NO AGENCY PLEASE   
About the client: An exciting opportunity exists for a Collections/Customer Service Officer to join a dynamic and highly successful organisation within the aged care industry based in Sydney's CBD. This is a rapidly-growing organisation which strives to maintain a friendly, professional approach where initiative and autonomy are encouraged. They are looking for a talented individual to join their team. The responsibilities: Reporting to the Credit Manager, your responsibilities include (but not limited to) the following: Initial phone screening Maintaining customer relations  Dealing with patients Medicare issues. Issuing invoices/ statement reconciliations. Sending reminder runs. Work cooperatively in a team environment. Collection calls Allocation and receipt of payments. The successful applicant: At least 3 years in a customer service based role. Impeccable verbal and written communication skills. Have excellent customer service skills. Good organisational skills. Epicore experience would be a plus. Healthcare experience, preferably aged care. Can work in an independent environment. Additional benefits: Highly attractive salary. Fun and driven working environment. Close to public transport. Career progression. To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Niall Hoolahan on 02 8¦show number , quoting Ref No. 14687. 
 We are currently working with a well known retail organisation that has established it's self in the Australian market with a strong reputation for finer quality products. Due to continued company growth they are now on the hunt for an experienced Accounts Payable Officer to join their growing team and work as part of the wider finance team. This sought-after company offers a progressive workplace with a sociable and vibrant team culture. About the Role This role will give you the opportunity to utilise your innovation and creativity to enhance your Accounts Payable career within a well-known, stable company. Working in a highly collaborative team environment your duties will include: Processing, approving and coding invoices Bank and supplier reconciliations Running weekly FX international and domestic payments Liaising with external suppliers regarding queries Ad hoc duties for the finance team Skills and Experience To be considered for this exciting opportunity you must have: Proven full function accounts payable experience An ability to manage the accounts payable function autonomously A willingness and desire to assist the wider finance team A good work ethic, values and passion for your employer What's in it for you? This role will see you join a young and funky team where you will love coming to work! Salary to $60K + Super Young and vibrant team Free onsite car parking Amazing discounts on their products The chance to join a forward thinking company Apply If you are ready to further your career and be part of a forward thinking, innovative business which will allow you to pursue your creative endeavours, then please APPLY NOW! Alternatively, please call Krystle at TwoScots Recruitment on 03 8624 0507 for a confidential chat. 
 Master Data Analyst required for busy Government department based in Parramatta on a contract basis Your new company This large state Government department based in Parramatta has a fantastic contract opportunity for a Master Data Analyst to join them. Your new role You'll be working with a collaborative and high performing team and your role will primarily involve using SAP and Excel for supplier data cleansing projects including data analysis and maintenance, processing high volume transactions in accordance with finance procedures, identifying and reporting on unusual data and communicating information to internal and external stakeholders related to supplier master data and existing processes. What you'll need to succeed You will be able to demonstrate strong experience in a similar Master Data Analyst role and be proficient using SAP with intermediate to advanced skills in Excel (VLOOKUP,PIVOT etc.) You will have experience in supplier data management and experience in troubleshooting and problem solving. You will have strong communication skills and experience liaising with various stakeholders. What you'll get in return This is a great role for someone who is self-motivated and loves working in a busy and process driven environment. This initial 3-6 month role is likely to be ongoing and pays between $32-36/hr + super and offers a standard 35 hour week. What you need to do now If you wish to apply for this position please send your most up to date Word Formatted CV to Jessica.kimber@hays.com.au quoting the job reference. 
Reporting into the GM Finance, you'll be accountable for all tax compliance matters, as well as provision of tax advice to the wider business. Specifically, you'll oversee the preparation of income tax, FBT, BAS, tax effect accounting calcs for stats, international taxes and other stat returns as required.  In conjunction with the GM and wider finance team, you'll also play a key role in the identification, development and implementation of systems & procedures, to improve efficiency and minimise risk. Finally, you'll partner with the wider business, in providing tax advice and related consulting services, utilising your technical knowledge and research capabilities. You are a CA or CPA qualified tax professional, ideally with a chartered background and with minimum 3-5 years' corporate tax management experience. Finally, you'll have strong systems skills (including excellent Excel) and a proven background in stakeholder management. For more information, please contact Spencer Bryson on 02 9775 5905. Or to apply, hit the "apply" button. 
 About the company This is an outstanding opportunity to join the market-leading subsidiary of a multinational aerospace organisation located at Bankstown Airport. SAFRAN Helicopter Engines Australia is a well respected OEM and supplier of gas turbine engines for helicopters to both civil and military markets. About the role We are currently seeking a suitably experienced and qualified Junior Controller who will be responsible for supporting the Senior Controller in their efforts to enable the company to meet its industrial and financial performance objectives, in accordance with corporate deadlines and requirements.     Duties and Responsibilities  Industrial cost controlling Follow industrial performance (Efficiency, Labour Utilisation Rate, Production Cost Index, Hourly rate, Inventory level) Follow Work In Progress Means cost controlling Follow General & Administrative expense and CAPEX Be accountable for corporate reporting Industrial Management Chart Prepare BSC on industrial activity indicators Weekly Cash forecast Participate in the month end closing process Ad-hoc reports Participation in the Budget process Be a backup for the Senior Controller in their absence Experience and technical skills  A Degree in Finance/Accounting 2-5 Years' experience in cost management   Manufacturing costing experience Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office programs Planning and organisational skills Team player, as well as the ability to work autonomously Ability to work under pressure and to tight deadlines Demonstrated strong written and verbal communication skills High attention to detail Can demonstrate: A commitment to on-going maintenance of professional standards and development; Decisive and self-starting attitude, with energy and motivation to be effective in a very demanding environment; & A commitment to being part of a team-orientated organisation, seeking continuous improvement in an open manner, and in a constantly challenging environment   How to Apply  Candidates must currently have the legal right to work in Australia to be eligible to apply for this position  Applications for this role should include a covering letter and up to date CV and be submitted to the attention of the Human Resources Business Partner quoting reference number JC0318. 
 An exciting opportunity has been created for a motivated person to join our team and become a vital part in our bookkeeping business that works closing with a vibrant and progressive accounting firm based in Milton. Steven James Accountants has a strong client base throughout Brisbane and has experienced an increase in demand for bookkeeping services and are delighted to offer a new position at our Milton office. Our team is the most treasured asset of the firm and are regularly rewarded with social events and our famous Christmas Party where all team members and their partners are invited away for the weekend to celebrate the successes and achievements during the year. The hours are flexible and can suit school times, morning or afternoon.  The position is permanent part-time starting with 20 hours, training assistance with our experienced bookkeeper and the prospect of increased hours and promotion if desired. Key responsibilities in the role include: Leading role with partner and the firms accounts Coordinating with clients and collection of info End to end bookkeeping processing using Myob and Xero Processing of journals Accurate review of client files to locate errors in coding BAS, PAYG & IAS preparation Process payroll on occasions Perform month-end reporting and reconciliation of bank accounts, credit cards, accounts receivable and payable Some administrative tasks include answering phones and organizing meetings Personal attributes include: Minimum five years bookkeeping experience Excellent reconciliation skills Excellent spoken communication skills Ability to communicate clearly and effectively Enthusiastic, team player, flexible and shows initiative The remuneration package will reflect your qualifications and experience and include incentives to earn bonuses based on performance, productivity and amazing high rewards for new client introductions and additional annual leave benefits after two years. Steven James Accountants and Synergy Bookkeeping welcomes the opportunity to work with you at the business that excels in putting people and client first always. 
 This large global engineering company is seeking a Tax Manager on an 8 month contract with view to permanency Your new company Very large global engineering company is looking for a contract tax manager to start asap for a period of 8 months with a view to permanent Your new role Reporting into the Group Tax Manager you will cover the following key areas of responsibility - Management of all tax compliance for AUS/NZ Short term focus will be on tax return preparation Provide strategic tax advice to senior management and business operations Assess impact of legislative change, develop strategies to manage and communicate to regional finance teams Management of group transfer pricing policy and risk, including management and implementation of country-by-country reporting project What you'll need to succeed CPA/CA qualified tax manager with extensive experience of the above key responsibilities. Ability to work autonomously as well as excellent stakeholder engagement across the business. Ability to engage and influence your team and the business is also critical. What you'll get in return Work for a large global brand, salary package of 120k to 130k package including super, great team and culture and broad scope. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to Cameron.joyce@hays.com.au or call Cameron Joyce on 9804 5313 now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
The Company An established global business involved in many different sectors, they dominate their niche sector.  Operating throughout the Asia Pacific region and with big growth plans for 2018, they now require an experienced Divisional Controller to run one of their service divisions.   The Role (Based in Solomon Islands) Reporting into the MD / APAC CFO, your key responsibilities will include:   Lead and manage an accounting team of 9 Overseeing the production of all statutory reporting Management reporting & analysis Preparation of long-term forecasts/budgets Cash-flow management Coordinate annual audit process Maintain and ensure integrity of ERP system Costing of all products   About You To be considered for this position you must be able to demonstrate the following: CA/CPA qualified with experience in multi site divisions     Demonstrated experience streamlining process and procedures   Ability to work both at a 'hands-on' level and also strategically   Broad accounting skills across management and statutory reporting   Ability to communicate at all levels from on the shop floor to executive team   Costing experience in a complex manufacturing environment   Prior experience in the South Pacific will be looked up on favourably   What's On Offer     Health cover, accommodation, food, vehicle and use of company boat!   Competitive salary   Return flights several times a year     For further information please contact David McLaren or Ben Wheeler on 07 3118 0125. To send your application, please click "Apply" below.         To apply for this role please follow the apply now button or for a confidential discussion please contact me on the number below 
 With an extensive and treasured history, this evolving not-for-profit, community services provider is moving into a new and exciting chapter of growth. Continuous development has led to opportunity for two additional Roster Administrators to join their roster team on a permanent basis. To support the ongoing evolution and change, they seek to appoint a highly skilled, experienced and passionate administrator who is passionate about working in a team that has a direct impact in supporting their clients and the community. About the Role You will be fulfilling a busy and varied role that comprises of both administrative and customer service responsibilities. Duties will include: Ensuring staff runsheets are collected, entered and scanned through and banked by the weekly deadline Supporting an energetic, positive and caring customer centric team culture Distributing rosters to staff and other information in a timely manner Ensuring that filing/archiving is current/up to date Update phone listings and staff information Ensure missed client-visit letters are sent out on a regular basis About You Several years' experience administration in a customer service oriented environment Highly system savvy and strong attention to detail A "can do" attitude and the ability to train, mentor and develop others in successful complaint handing and problem solving Have a genuine care, positivity, empathy and patience for customers who could be in a distressed state Effective relationship building, organisation and time management and "best outcomes" resolution Benefits of the role include A company with true values for their customers and employees; Supportive Management team; You will have a direct impact on some special members of our community, appreciated by your colleagues and highly valued customers. An organisation that lives and breathes its values, with a true dedication to innovative ways of continuous customer service excellence To apply, click the link and upload your current resume in word format. If you would like to have a confidential discussion, please contact Chrissy Mandalis on 07 3023 1010, quoting ref no. JO-1711-86231. Want to know more about Davidson? Visit us at www.davidsonwp.com 
 United Co is Melbourne's new coworking destination offering hotdesks, private offices, event space, modern training facility, executive boardroom, meeting rooms, a wellness centre and a cafÃ©. You will be responsible for all the bookkeeping needs and some administration support. BRAND NEW, CONTEMPORARY OFFICE FRIENDLY AND SUPPORTIVE TEAM CLOSE TO PUBLIC TRANSPORT Responsibilities: Managing accounts receivable including issue of invoices and matching to payments; Managing accounts payable; Processing fortnightly payroll including end of year and superannuation; Attending to accounts enquiries in a timely and professional manner; Reconciliations; Preparing and lodging BAS and GST; Filing and administration work; Weekly reporting. The successful candidate will be an experienced Bookkeeper or Accountant (5+ years) that is competent using Xero, Microsoft Office and G-Suite. You will have excellent written and verbal communication skills and high attention to detail.    
 Our Client We are working with a Manufacturing organisation located around the Greystanes area who are seeking an experienced Payroll Officer. This is a great opportunity for someone who is looking purely for Part-Time work close to home. The Role Reporting to the Senior Finance Manager you will be required to perform the following tasks but not be limited to: Process end to end Payroll - data entry of timesheets and employee details, salary disbursements, deductions Payroll Tax and workers compensation entries Reconciliation and posting of Payroll Journals Processing of all payroll KPIs as required and needed Reconciling and processing all FBT entries accordingly Attend to all payroll related queries - be solutions driven and provide exceptional customer service to key stakeholders The successful candidate To be considered for the role you will have at least 3 years' experience within a similar role along with: Solid 5 years experience using Micropay Meridian Experience using time and attendance Solid experience with excel, reconciliations and high volume of data Excellent customer service skills is a must High attention to detail Excellent communication and written skills On Offer This is a 12 month Fixed Term Contract paying up to $80k + super (prorata) - you will be immediately available and be committed to take on a new challenge on a part time basis. Parking is available on site - please ensure you have experience with Micropay Meridian. To apply online, please click on the link below. Alternatively, to discuss this opportunity further please contact Nitin Kumar on 02 9689 8914. Follow West Recruitment on LinkedIn to receive the latest industry news and job updates at http://www.linkedin.com/company/west-recruitment-consulting Please submit your resume in Word format only. 
Company This household brand puts its customers first by working hard to continually improve and deliver a positive experience. It all starts with building a great team that listens and supports the customers. This role sits within the Property team which provides Property Services such as asset management, property development and the management of the property network and leasehold portfolio across all core brands. Role Reporting into the GM of Property Finance, you will provide a first-class service to the Property Management team by effectively managing the company's lease and occupancy costs. You will actively lead and mentor a high performing team of 10+ and the company wide lease management system. You will be responsible for budgeting, forecasting, reporting and accounting activities associated with occupancy costs, advising on new lease terms, managing occupancy payments and development of disputes strategies whilst driving continuous improvement across all areas of leasing.  Person You will be CA or CPA qualified with experience within a major landlord or retailer. You must have an understanding of Lease Accounting with strong leadership, business partnering and continuous improvement ability. You will be enthusiastic, proactive and self-motivated with the desire for new challenges.  Apply To apply for this position, submit your CV to gabriel@redpathpartners.com or call Gabriel Fernandes on 0280714260 for more information.  Applications may take 3 - 5 days to process and due to high volumes of applications only successful applicants will be contacted. However, your application will be kept on file if a suitable position becomes available. 
 6 month contract for a finance manager with leading transportation company based in Northern suburbs Your new company You'll be joining a large, nationally recognised brand with superb offices based in Bundoora. You'll be supporting a busy, dynamic team within a strong, stable employer committed to developing and empowering its workforce. This organisation is a market leader in the transportation industry with multiple large contracts. Your new role In this 6 month contract role, you will be responsible for managing the day to day accounting transaction services including supporting a team of 2 AP and 2 AR staff. Reporting in to the CFO you will provide overall accountability for undertaking accounts payable, accounts receivable, expenses processes and banking operation transactions across the business. What you'll need to succeed CA/CPA Qualification Demonstrated experience working as a Financial Accountant and leading a team of AP/AR Strong IT Skills, Advanced Excel knowledge and experienced using ERP Accounting software Experience with Oracle/JDE would be highly regarded What you'll get in return You will have the opportunity to work with a leading brand on a 6 month contract with competitive remuneration between $95,000-100,000 + super and a positive workplace culture. In addition to this there is the possibility of extension with the anticipated increase in workload due to this organisation implementing JDE later this year. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' or forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to Marcus Muir-Smith (marcus.muirsmith@hays.com.au), or alternatively call us now on 0393262149. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Expand your knowledge of Local Govt operations Excellent working conditions including possible "job-share" arrangement Commencing salary from $62,606 to $75,127 p.a. Do you have experience working in Local Government?  Do you enjoy working with figures and have great attention to detail? Would you like to be part of a small Rates and Revenue team based at North Ryde? If you answered "Yes" to the above, you should consider joining the City of Ryde as a Rates Officer. As a member of the multi-skilled Rates and Revenue team, your day to day duties will be varied and can include the processing of sale/transfer notices, changes of address, calculating and processing of pensioners rebates, the investigation of returned Rates Notices, issuing rates notices for new and amended domestic waste services and the invoicing for sundry debts.  Should you be successful, your focus initially will be to issue sundry debtor invoices, credit notes and monthly statements. This is an interesting role that will assist in developing your career in local government whilst working in a supportive team environment. Key Requirements Higher School Certificate level education or TAFE equivalent, or proven experience in a similar position Previous experience in a local government Rates, Customer Service, Property or similar section Well-developed Excel skills with proven experience using spreadsheets for recording information and for reconciliation purposes Experience working in a fast paced, customer focused environment Proven ability to work effectively as part of a small team Data entry experience with a high levels of accuracy & attention to detail With flexible working conditions that can include a rostered day off each 3rd week, possible job-share, on-going training and development, and annual salary progression opportunities, this could be your next exciting career move.  Interested, like to know more? If you would like to know more, please call Dennis Gooley on (02) 9952 8002 for a confidential discussion. How to apply - Apply now using our convenient on-line application process.  Closing Date: Monday 30 April 2018   
 THE COMPANY Working at Coca-Cola Amatil is unlike any other career experience. We're one of the largest beverage and food companies in the Asia-Pacific and partner of choice for some of the world's leading brands. Our huge portfolio includes much-loved global and local brands such as Coca-Cola, Sprite, Kirks, Jim Beam, Canadian Club, Grinders, SPC and many more. What does this mean? Endless opportunity and a chance to be part of a team bursting with innovative thinkers and doers. These are people who are writing the next chapter of the Coca-Cola Amatil story, creating millions of moments of happiness and possibilities every day. THE ROLE An exciting opportunity has become available in the role of Senior Finance Business Partner “ Direct to Consumer (DTC), reporting to the General Manager “ Finance Business Partners. This role has a national remit and partners with the General Manager of DTC. Our DTC Channel spans across both our Vending and Neverfail bulk water businesses. This is a broad and high impact commercial role that works closely with the General Manager of our DTC business, as a trusted 2IC, you will enjoy influencing key operational and strategic initiatives by offering valuable insights and advice on opportunities and the related trade-offs. Your key focuses in the role includes: Being a trusted advisor and partner to senior stakeholders, ensuring that decisions are based on a sound commercial basis and are driving improved business outcomes Delivering high quality financial insights and analysis on strategic objectives and risks Build strong partnerships with the Finance CoE (Centres of Excellence) and broader Business teams to ensure timely and efficient delivery of data, insights and outputs Be an advocate for change, looking for opportunities to improve work processes and practices. Influencing and managing a full profit & loss and balance sheet for the DTC business unit. Providing insight to help national and state level decision makers understand the financial implications of strategic and operational choices. Offering expert analysis and interpretation including presenting options to resolve problems and exploit opportunities Acting as a commercial coach and educator to improve financial understanding and holistic decision making. Managing and developing a highly capable Senior Analyst ABOUT YOU The ideal candidate will have exceptional communication and influencing skills and be an adept leader with strong Finance experience across all financial aspects of a business. Preferably, you will have had significant exposure to commercial revenue management.  10+ years' experience in commercial roles, with a level of partnering at General Manager (or similar) Superior communication, presentation and influencing skills Ability to build and maintain strong working relationships with key stakeholders A self-starter, able to operate autonomously. Experience in working with ambiguity, shifting priorities and an ability to quickly adapt to different external factors Advanced analytical thinking capability and advanced Excel skills High attention to detail and willingness to be hands on Tertiary qualification in Finance, Accounting or Commerce (or demonstrated ability in these areas is required), CA/CPA Qualified highly regarded. THE CULTURE The most important thing to know about working at Coca-Cola Amatil is that our passion for our individual businesses and pride of being part of the greater Amatil story shines through in all we do. Our sales and manufacturing capabilities mean we get to do some pretty amazing things and our reach and execution gives us the power to make a real difference. At Amatil, we will invest in you and help you to realise your aspirations and goals. Let's write the next chapter of the Coca-Cola Amatil story together “ apply today to create your own #onlyatamatil moments. Applications Close Friday 27th April.   
 The Company Our client is a large well known leading distributor and producer of products for the conservation and infrastructure markets. With a key to their success being their unwavering dedication to providing exceptional service and partnerships with their clients. This business has continued to expand through both acquisition and organic growth, and are now able to provide a new opportunity for a full function Credit Controller to join the team. The Role As the company is growing, an opportunity has become available for an Accounts Receivable/ Credit Controller to join a dynamic team that strives to exceed industry standards in customer service and operational excellence. This position will initially be a temporary opportunity with permanent prospects. Management of customer portfolios; Collection of all overdue accounts; Maximizing cash flow; Minimizing delinquencies; Preparation of daily banking, receipting and allocation of payments; Reconciliation of customer accounts; Recording, liaising with and following up customer queries, claims and disputes; Generating monthly statements and processing reminders; Forecasting; Liaising and building relationships with nationwide sales team; Ad hoc tasks as required Skills & Experience To be successful, you will have: Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written A confident and friendly phone manner in order retain good relationships with debtors The ability to have difficult conversations and deal positively with customers A high level of productivity Strong negotiation skills The ability to meet deadlines To be considered for this opportunity, pleased submit your application directly by clicking ˜apply' and following the prompts to attach your CV. Your application will be assessed within 3 working days. Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. For further enquiries, please contact Jessica Bradford via Robert Half's Perth branch on (08) 6430 6810. Learn more about our Perth recruitment services: https://www.roberthalf.com.au/recruitment-agency-perth 
 About the business Firm in Sydney specialising in business services, tax, corporate advisory and audit, have a strong reputation in the market. As the expansion of business, an exciting opportunity now exists for a talented Senior Accountant to join the team.  About the role The focus of the position will be: Preparation of BAS, IAS, GST for lodgement; Preparation of Individual, Partnership, Company, Trust and SMSF taxation returns; Preparation of Company, Trust and SMSF financial statements; Reviewing and assisting junior Accountants work Compiling working papers and year end accounts for review by manager; Benefits and perks Attractive remuneration package; Full CA/CPA study support; Opportunity to get involved in a busy, positive working environment; Skills and experience Exceptional written and verbal communication skills Must be an Australian Resident 5+ years full-time experience in a "local" public practice Solid understanding of tax and accounting fundamentals Strong experience with accounting software Proven ability to develop and build client relationships Proficiency in Mandarin is compulsory    If you are interested in finding out more about this, please contact Carina Yang via email leadersenjobs@gmail.com 
With representation in key wine regions throughout Australia, a rich portfolio of brands and more than six generations of winemaking experience, McWilliam's Wines is one of Australia's leading and most awarded wineries. Our brands reflect a commitment to quality and include McWilliam's, Evans & Tate and Mount Pleasant. McWilliam's Wines is also the Australian distributor for premium international brands including Champagne Taittinger, Henkell and Mateus. Core Responsibility Responsible for preparing supplier invoices for payment by verifying and completing payable transactions Provide administrative support when required in order to ensure effective and efficient office operations  Outline of Key Responsibilities & Accountabilities: Prepares and codes suppliers invoices for payment and verifying transaction information and obtaining authorization for payment. Verifies accounts by reconciling statements and transactions. Maintains email historical records by managing the shared Hanwood Accounts mailbox. Contributes to the team locally as well as the broader finance team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Resolves account discrepancies by investing documentation and deliver quality solutions and outcomes. Maintains accounting ledgers by entering invoices. Responding to queries from suppliers in a timely manner. Identifying and correcting/referring any errors or accounting discrepancies. Delivering reliable administrative account support and customer service. Maintains financial security by following internal accounting controls. Assist Credit Manager as required with the local support of the Management Accountant. Ensure the accuracy and integrity of the Creditor database in accordance with legislative requirements. Reconcile and manage Internal accounts and liaise with branches regarding discrepancies. Controls the issue of localized cheques in Hanwood. Provide administration and reception support when required. To be successful in this role, you will: Have the ability to work with minimum supervision Anticipate developments, and identifies accounts that will require special attention Undertake complex reconciliations and compiles documentation Maintain accurate individual measurement and performance statistics Keep up to date with legislation as required Proven ability in the use of accounting information systems, software reporting tools, electronic records, management systems and related software packages Contribute to development of operating processes and systems and continuous improvement of internal systems Have high standard of numeracy, accuracy with attention to details with Intermediate Excel, Word and Outlook skills Have a minimum experience of 5 years in a similar role Be a self-starter who is pro-active and can set and achieve goals Have excellent communication skills at all levels with strong organizational and time management skills Be a team player with flexible approach and a willingness to learn. If the above sounds like you, we would love to hear from you!! Only short-listed candidates will be contacted 
 Volume Brand Franchise Location: South Eastern Suburbs Dynamic Team Environment Our client is an area landmark, volume brand franchised new car dealership located in Melbourne's south eastern suburbs. A position has opened up for a dealership experienced accountant to join this fast paced and team oriented Administration department. Excellent career advancement opportunities, state of the art facilities and exceptional remuneration await the successful candidate. In order to be invited for an interview, candidates must have previous new car dealership experience. You will be well organised, articulate sand possess the ability to work to a deadline. You are well versed in reconciliations, debtors, GL, payables / receivables, invoicing, costing etc. The remuneration for this position is anticipated to be $60k - $80k depending on skillset, qualifications and experience. Interested and suitably qualified applicants should email their resumes to Sam Barbagallo @ sam@motorstaff.com.au or via this site. For many other Motor Industry positions please visit our website at www.motorstaff.com.au, see our listings on Seek, follow us on facebook and LinkedIn. Your resume must contain your address so we can assess commuting requirements. Applicants must be physically located in Australia and must be Australian or New Zealand citizens or hold a permanent residency visa. Please note that only those applicants with relevant industry experience will be acknowledged. 
 The Role: This is a newly created role based in Chatswood. This is a rapidly growing Accounting Practice with multiple Partners. This role is full time and would suit someone who is looking to work school hours or a full time basis. Duties & Responsibilities: Manage a portfolio of clients with revenue of $1M upwards. Manage SME business services ensuring maximum client interaction on a day to day basis. Prepared/been exposed to all preparation, lodgement and review of ITRS, financial statements, FBT, BAS, PAYGI, IAS, Payroll Tax, Land Tax, Workers Compensation in relation to SME's. Involved or exposed to training/mentoring junior staff. Client communication via written, spoken format.  Attended or held client meetings on minor jobs. Consistent interaction with Partners, Senior Supervisors and Managers. Responsible for interaction with Book Keepers who help prepare the accounts and signings these off. To be successful: You will have a number of years experience within Chartered environment and have great experience working for an Accounting Practice. You will have excellent software skills ideally in  MYOB, Xero, Excel, Word, Outlook. Outstanding communication skills. Ability to run client meetings. Benefits & Culture:  Paid conference every year off site. Monthly tax training offsite and on site by external trainers. Environment that is supportive and beneficial. $100,000 to $110, 000 including Superannuation.       
 This CBD boutique is seeking a dedicated Tax Manager to add value to their growing client base Your new company This multi partner CA firm in the CBD provides their diverse client base with high level strategic, advisory and compliance services. Your new firm delivers solutions to individuals, private clients and family groups, self-managed superannuation funds (SMSFs), foreign investors, multi-national subsidiaries, start-up businesses and small medium enterprises (SMEs). Your new role You will be working in a the Private Client team so it is important that you are able to quickly build strong relationships with clients and manage their tax, compliance and advisory needs in a timely manner. The Manager for this role will have strong private client tax knowledge in areas such as family groups, trusts, companies, and SMSF's. It is important to note this is not a pure compliance focused role, and the majority of duties will be consulting to provide complex tax advice on various aspects of legislation. Your role will report directly to the three Partners of the Firm. Responsibilities: Manage assignments and the delivery of private client advisory and compliance tasks Build strong client relationships with the Partners Strong knowledge with private family groups Good capability in negotiating and preparing quotes and engagements for services What you'll need to succeed Minimum 4 years of experience in Private tax within a professional services firm You will be CA qualified and have strong communication and interpersonal skills Management of staff experience Management of existing ledger of clients Ability to be responsive to new leads as referred by Partners What you'll get in return In return, you will receive a competitive salary, with the added benefit of annual bonuses. You will have the opportunity to manage a productive team with great culture. You will have the opportunity to work closely with partners, as well as managing a diverse portfolio of private clients. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Tom Miles on 9604 9517 now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Company Data is fundamental to the growth and competitiveness of businesses today and this company has established itself as a leading data analytics group. Experiencing strong growth, this ASX listed business have expanded globally and with a new Executive team on board, this is an exciting time to be joining. They are seeking an outcome focused, commercially astute Finance Business Partner to join their business in this time of transformation.  Position This is a true business partnering role where you can make the scope of the role your own. The position is a broad role, and your responsibilities will include: Business partnering and influencing your stakeholders Budgeting and forecasting  In depth management reporting and analysis Involvement in various projects Financial modelling Process improvement and review Profile You will be a CA or CPA qualified analyst with relevant experience working in a fast paced global organisation and you must be able to demonstrate strong business partnering and strong influencing skills. You will be outcome focused with an attitude for driving change and adding value for your stakeholders. You will have excellent skills in both Excel and financial systems, an ability to pick things up quickly, identify and make changes and work independently.  The team is progressive, friendly, but driven and there is huge scope to grow with the company. Benefits - $60ph+ superannuation  An excellent opportunity to work with this organisation in an exciting time of transformation under the direction of a new Executive team. - Temp to perm opportunity - Immediate start! Apply Please contact Fiona Marr or Helen Pretious on +612 9262 4836 or apply at www.moirgroup.com.au. To be alerted when we advertise a new job please set up a "job alert" by visiting us at our website www.moirgroup.com.au 
 COORPAROO Global in size, JELD“WEN is a leading international manufacturer of quality windows & doors and is now listed on the NYSE. It is the name behind iconic Australian brands “ Stegbar, Regency, Corinthian, Airlite, Aneeta, Trend, Breezway and A&L Windows. An exciting opportunity has become available for an experienced Financial Controller to join our Breezway business in Coorparoo Queensland. Major responsibilities of the role include: Preparation and analysis of monthly management accounts, accurately and on a timely basis Completion of quarterly reporting packs to US Head Office Interpretation of financial information and providing feedback & recommendations to management. Analysis of sales, costs, pricing, overheads, and comparing actual performance to budget and forecast. Manage the preparation of the company's budget & forecasts Staff management and mentoring Preparation of business cases to support capital investment projects Responsibility of the internal control framework including compliance with Sarbanes Oxley legislation Management and oversight of accounting functions in 2 offshore entities To be successful in this role you will have: Degree in Finance or Accounting and professional qualification and current registration with a recognised accounting body, CA or CPA Minimum of 5 years experience as a Financial Controller or similar role Experience in a manufacturing organisation and solid understanding of standard costing Strong experience using financial software / ERP systems, preferably SAP Practical experience implementing an internal control framework, specifically, Sarbanes Oxley compliance Previous experience in a multi-national corporation is preferred Strong communication skills, both written and oral Effective time management skills and the ability to prioritise competing deadlines High-level financial reporting and analytical skills with strong attention to detail and advanced problem solving skills Able to manage, guide and lead employees at all levels to ensure adherence to financial policies and controls A solid understanding of accounting standards This role will give you the opportunity to work within a well-respected and stable business, with a strong team culture. No Recruitment Agencies please 
This is a rare opportunity to join a newly created team in the Commercial Real Estate space and be a key business partner to the organisations growing sales team. No property experience is required as this role will see you learn and pick up the sector as you go. It is important however that you are bringing a strong mind set to really want to be part of the change and improvement process on all levels, while being someone who can challenge the status quo productively. This role will see you be the key business partner to a large sales team and partnering with the Head of Sales and Sales Managers. You will be fully involved with the budgeting and forecasting process, provide performance analysis as well as decision support on M&A, pricing and various revenue initiatives across the group. While the role has a commercial focus you do need to be in the detail of the management reports however the month end responsibilities are at a minimum.  Provide capex forecasts and prepare business plans as part of the budget  Provide investment appraisal techniques such as NPV and ROI  Market and opportunity value assessments  Be a business partner to the senior sales leadership teams  Management reporting on a weekly and monthly basis This role would suit someone who is already doing an analytical role in commerce or someone who is looking for a move from Transaction Services in a chartered firm. As mentioned previously this is largely personality based so even someone coming out of a technical role within property and who are wanting something more business facing, you are still encouraged to apply. 
 Social Conscience Australia prides itself on our market leading customer service within the investment and marketing industry. We are a growing, highly motivated and busy team looking for an enthusiastic and motivated Administrative Assistant to join us on our journey. We have an entry level position available with all training provided. Whilst no experience is necessary, a previous customer service role would be beneficial. This is a busy and varied role with an immediate start that will include the following tasks: Answering incoming phone calls / taking messages Data processing Supporting other staff Receiving and following up payments General office duties and other assistance where required To be successful in the position, you must possess the following attributes: Strong focus on outstanding customer service with a previous customer service role preferred A professional presentation with outstanding written and verbal communication skills with a keen eye for attention to detail Self motivated with the ability to work autonomously as well as within a team environment Reliable, punctual and a quick learner Competent PC skills with good ability of MS Office products 
A highly successful, global marketing business is currently seeking a senior, CPA qualified financial accountant to head up a team of three in it's Sydney CBD office. You will be responsible for leading the Australia Accounting Function, managing the preparation of the financial statements, local entity compliance and the completeness and accuracy of the Australia GL. Given you'd be the most senior accountant in Australia, the role is both autonomous and highly visible across the business. This is a fantastic position if you're technically strong and possess both good managerial skills and the ability to influence key stakeholders. Key Responsibilities Collaborate with other leaders in finance and operations to ensure your success.  Ensure the completeness and accuracy of the Financial Statements in Hyperion; including reconciling intercompany and grid note balances and preparing consolidated journal entries where necessary. Coordinate with the Commercial Finance team, Treasury, Risk Management, the rest of the Corporate Controllers team and external auditors as part of the financial statement reporting process. Participate in the design and effectiveness of the internal control processes. Ownership of the General Ledger maintenance. Balance Sheet control and accuracy. Lead local tax compliance. Manage a team of 3 Accountancy professionals. Participate in contract reviews, research and/or implementation of specific accounting guidance under IFRS. In order to be considered for this role, you will be CPA qualified and will have ideally started your career in practice and possess post qualified experience in industry. You will have a thorough knowledge of IFRS and AASB standards. You will also be a confident communicator with the ability to lead and develop a team. 
 EOI - Administration & Accounts Assistant - We are looking for candidates that are experienced, responsible, reliable and efficient. Client Details The Adecco Group is the world's leading provider of HR Solutions. We deliver recruitment and career services to organisations and individuals across the employment lifecycle. In Australia, Adecco has over 50 years' experience making us the most qualified supplier and leading provider of casual and permanent staff. Our client is a growing company in the industrial sector, focused on providing superior customer service and industry leading innovative solutions for every product. They are currently seeking experienced Administration and Accounts staff that are motivated and wanting to help the company grow. Description We are currently looking for expressions of interest for experienced Administration and Accounts candidates. You will be responsible for ensuring a high quality of customer service and liaising with staff of all levels. Key responsibilities in this role will include: Experience and genuine interest in office support roles Correspondence and data entry of information Ability to work autonomously and as part of a team Superior level of Customer service Reception experience Strong system skills Highly developed Written and verbal communication skills Profile The successful candidate for this role will possess the following skills and experience: Administration or Accounts experience Strong system skills and ability to learn new systems Excellent computer skills and experience working with multiple systems including Microsoft Office Suite Exceptional organisation and time management skills Strong attention to detail and accuracy Reliable and committed work ethic Ability to take initiative Job Offer This is an exciting opportunity to work within a fast-paced, market leading business, based in Lithgow. If you have the required experience and wish to express your interest in these opportunities, please click Apply Now and upload your application. To apply for this position, please click "Apply Now" and upload your Resume and Cover Letter. For a confidential discussion regarding this role, please contact Ellen Micari on 02 6330 1100. 
 Specific Responsibilities include: P&L, Balance sheet reconciliations and analysis Preparation of BAS, FBT Maintenance of the fixed asset register Prepare budgets and forecasts for the relevant divisions accompanied with a detailed commentary Cash flow forecasting Monthly reporting Annual and half year audit reporting Continuous improvement of current processes, reports and systems Build and maintain successful relationships with stakeholders Key Requirements for 5 years+ experienced as an Financial Accountant Industry experience in Property Development/Banking/Financial Service CPA qualification Fluent in English and Mandarin Conscientious Loyalty Self-motivation Strong time management skills Ability to work effectively under pressure Analytical and problem-solving skills Team working skills About The Company Heworth Holdings Group operates with a vision of continued and sustainable growth, with a strong emphasis on property projects in and around Sydney, Australia.  Heworth Holdings Group is comprised of three separate businesses, being: Heworth Fund Management, Heworth Lendbuild, Heworth Construction. https://www.heworth.com.au/ 
Due to a an internal promotion the opportunity has arisen for a Financial Analyst to join a dynamic and growing organisation. With fantastic employee benefits including a flexible working environment and career progression. This role offers the opportunity to partner with key stakeholders across Australia and New Zealand, working closely with the wider finance team and a number of stakeholders throughout the business. What's on offer? Fantastic career progression opportunities Supportive & dynamic team culture Competitive Salary   Your Duties Prepare and review key financial information; Improvement of financial models and monthly forecasting Coordinate internal and external reports Variance analysis and commentary Develop and improve processes Build & utilise data analytics tools Client management & administration Partner with the business to provide technical accounting support  Your Profile High attention to detail Analytical thinker  CA/CPA/CFA Qualified Financial services or insurance experience highly regarded Strong Excel skills (V-lookup, Pivot tables etc.) Accounting or insurance qualifications If you have think you have the right skills for the role please click "Apply" or call Ashleigh Walker on (02) 8256 5020. 
 We are currently partnering with a highly reputable Australian organisation in their search for an experienced team leader to manage their expense function. This is an exciting opportunity to have take ownership over the improvement of the function and help implement a high performing culture. Client Details The client we have partnered with are a highly recognised, reputable Australian organisation that have a strong global presence. They are currently going through a period of transformation which will see significant improvements to their shared services function. They offer a supportive environment, modern offices and a range of other benefits. Description Reporting to the Accounts Payable Manager, your duties will include: Overseeing the performance and functionality of the expense management team Ensuring staff expense claims, fuel claims and rebates and registration costs are managed Assist in the implementation of company expenditure policies and reporting Lead a high performance environment through the implementation of process improvements and reduction of costs Work with the AP Manager to continuously improve the expense management function Other ad-hoc duties as required Profile The successful candidate will have a strong drive for leading a high-performing team with proven people management experience. An excellent knowledge of the expense management function is essential, in particular a knowledge of fuel cards and costs, claims, P-Cards and registrations. They must be a proven problem solver, a strong communicator and be bold in their ability to implement change and improvements. Prior exposure to SAP or Oracle is important in this position. Job Offer Outstanding opportunity to transform a team Northern suburbs locations Attractive salary package SAP exposure needed To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Alex Davies on +61 3 8616 6216 
About the firm:    This firm is based in central Cairns and specialises in a range of accounting services. The partners are attentive, involved, and driven to succeed and grow the business. Their team pride themselves on being detailed, supportive, communicative and most of all having an excellent understanding of their clients' needs. The firm is committed to providing continuous learning and development, and in turn, have great career progression opportunities within.       About the role:  Working closely with experienced partners, the firm is looking for a professional and dedicated audit accountant to join their team. You will undertake audits within varied industries, ranging from non-for-profits, construction and tourism. Benefits Include:       Opportunity to be part of an expert team going from strength to strength; Central location with coffee and shops and restaurants nearby; Fast-tracked career progression opportunities; Partner and manager interaction & access;   CA fees paid for    About you:  In order to be successful in this role, it is essential you have: 3 years + experience in audit within a chartered firm Bachelor's degree in accounting/commerce  Enrolled with or completed CA or CPA  Very strong communication & interpersonal skills If you would like to have a confidential discussion about this opportunity or securing a new role in a chartered firm, please call Kathryn Bor on (07) 3224 9320. 
 Aurecon brings ideas to life to design a better future. Imagining what is possible, we turn problems into solutions. We provide advisory, design, delivery and asset management services on variety of projects across the globe. We seek to unravel complexity, create clarity and invent new value for clients and we use our unique thinking to provide innovative solutions. To see more, visit http://www.aurecongroup.com/en/thinking.aspx We bring ideas to life by partnering with clients and use our innovation and expertise, with technology, to solve their complex problems.  Our people are empowered to deliver our vision “ fostering human achievement and enhancing communities, in partnership with our clients. Our projects are diverse and recognised for engineering and technical excellence by independent industry awards nationally and internationally. About the role: We now have an opportunity for a highly organised, outgoing and self-motivated Project Financial Accountant to be based in our Adelaide office and support a team of project leaders in a range of project accounting duties.  This position will be offered on a fully flexible arrangement in line with Aurecon's commitment to promoting a diverse & inclusive workforce. What the role will entail: This role will primarily involve: Providing high quality project accounting services to the project leaders within the delivery centre to enable improved project management and financial tracking Drive the billing process and manage project working capital Managing main client account integrity Performing transaction maintenance and job cost reporting Working alongside the other Project Finance Accountant's to share workload assignments utilising virtual teaming Contribute to the ongoing improvement of the Project Financial Accounting function Intermediate computer skills and MS Excel skills are essential. The successful candidate will have previous experience in a similar role preferably within a consulting/engineering background.  A knowledge of BST or another large accounting software packages will be highly advantageous.  What can Aurecon offer you? At Aurecon, we are committed to fostering a culture that empowers our people, encourages sustainability and promotes team work and work life balance. We offer an attractive remuneration package along with the opportunity to work alongside a world class peer group on high profile projects, together with a rewarding career experience within our large and diverse organisation. We support flexible work practices, including generous parental leave provisions, demonstrating an unwavering commitment as an Employer of Choice for Gender Equality.  If this opportunity is something you would be interested in exploring further, please register your interest by using the "Apply Now" button below, or for a confidential discussion, please contact Steven Nield in our Melbourne office on +61 3 9975¦show number . 
As the Corporate Tax Advisor, you'll be joining a highly-engaged, tight-knit finance team, led by a driven, collaborative Tax Manager.  This role will be starting as a 12 month Fixed Term Contract. Working closely with the Group Tax Manager, in this role, you will manage the preparation and lodgement of corporate income tax returns, assist with collation of workpapers, manage and ensure compliance with income tax obligations, research and provision of advice to other departments in relation to various tax issues and manage income tax related audits/review by ATO and State Revenue Authorities.   Finally you'll assist the wider accounting team with various aspects of the period-end accounting close, handle preparation of disclosures for statutory financial statements, liaise with the Group's auditors as required and undertake project work to assist with improving finance systems and processes. You are a CA or CPA qualified Australian taxation expert, with experience in tax effect accounting, tax consolidations, FBT and income tax, with exposure to large-scale corporate tax. This role suits someone coming from a mid-tier or Big 4 tax environment, making either a 1st or 2nd move from practice. However a pure commercial tax background will also be considered. Excellent communication skills are a must. For more information, please contact Sara Vanderheld on 07 3854 3804. Or to apply, hit the "apply" button.  
 Our Client Major domestic banking group and employer of choice with one of the most people focused, flexible working environments in the Sydney market. The Opportunity Newly created Manager level position within Financial Reporting team. Reporting to a Senior Manager the role will focus on: Ensuring accurate and timely reporting of Annual Financial statements and returns to external bodies Planning of Annual Financial statement production Managing the relationship with External Audit organising meetings and actions leading up to year end Review of monthly legal entity results for a selection of companies and the review of Annual Financial Statements for those companies Preparing a number of Notes to the Annual Financial statements as required by Group Finance Review of new Accounting standards and their impact on the Annual Financial Statements Maintaining and developing high quality relationships with internal and external stakeholders Initiating and driving continuous improvement in external reporting processes This is a high profile role with lots of internal and external partnering. The role is newly created and initially signed off as an 8 month contract but is highly likely to extend or become permanent. Required Skills and Experience CA/CPA Qualified Minimum of 2-3 years in a financial and statutory reporting focused role within a banking or FS environment OR an assistant manager / manager from a chartered firm with FS client base Outstanding stakeholder management skills If this opportunity sounds of interest please apply using the link including a Word copy of your resume 
 Sydney CBD $130k - $140k package  Top tier professional services firm This leading professional services company is a true Australian success story and is one of the most highly sought after employers in Sydney. They offer unmatched career opportunities, a brilliant culture and have a reputation for success. Due to an internal promotion, a fantastic opportunity exists for a talented Finance Manager to join the business. You will work within their high performing team, be responsible for managing a small team and have responsibilities including: Monthly financial and management reporting Budgeting/forecasting Long term planning Reconciliations Business partnering Analysis and associated commentaries Process improvements and ad hoc projects To be considered for this exciting opportunity, you will be CA/CPA qualified and have a minimum of 5 - 7 years experience. You must also have excellent communication skills, be able to manage non finance stakeholders and be a team player. Interested? Please apply now via Seek or email your resume in word format to nick.vlotman@lawsonelliott.com.au 
 AsiaPac Senior Accountant, 12 Months Fixed Term Contract Globally recognised business with well-established finance function 2IC to the FC. Take full ownership of all Reporting across AsiaPac region 100-110kPackage. Interviews to take place this week l immediate start! The Role: Our client is a globally recognised organisation in the heart of Sydney CBD. They are looking to hire an experienced Financial Accountant to join the team and act as the 2IC to the Financial Controller. Immediately available candidates or those on a short notice period will be favoured. Key duties will include; Full ownership of Month End, Quarter End & Year End reporting across the AsiaPac region. Balance sheet reconciliations, Bank Reconciliations, General ledger Play a big role within the Microsoft Dynamics project (New Accounting System) Reviewing cash flow statements Reviewing the work that the offshore team prepares Senior stakeholder engagement across the business including meetings with the Financial Controller, Financial Director, CFO and the leadership team across the business. Assisting with the year-end audit Ad hoc work as required by the team. Key Requirements: CA/ CPA/ ACCA Qualified Strong statutory accounts preparation, financial reporting and month end experience is essential. Big 4 / Mid-Tier Charterred Accounting experience is highly desired. Microsoft Dynamics, Oracle or SAP experience is desired A confident communicator with strong leadership skills Good planning & organisation skills and a willingness to be hands on Ability to multi-task and meet agreed deadlines Deadline driven, proactive and flexible Excellent verbal & written communication skills An understanding of Australian tax rules and regulations Apply You must be available to interview ASAP and commence the assignment within the next two weeks. If you are immediately available or on a short notice period then please apply online today or direct to jack.nicholls@hudson.com 
 This Victorian based Not For Profit organisation has an outstanding reputation based on their commitment to consistantly providing high quality service and facilities. An increase in workload has opened the way for an experienced senior payroll officer to join their small close knit team on a temporary basis. Reporting to and working closely with the Payroll Manager, duties will include; Processing weekly, fortnightly and monthly payrolls, approximately 3000 employees Processing back pays EBA & Award Interpretation Maintain and reconciling of employee's superannuation funds Perform and processing terminations, new starters and payroll adjustments as required Payroll related queries The successful candidate will have proven experience working in a similar high volume payroll environment, demonstrate strong time management, attention to detail and have excellent communication skills. Experience within the Health Industry is highly regarded. In return you will enjoy the support of a close knit payroll team, working in gorgeous offices and the security of working with a leading service provider. Parking provided! Interested? Apply by sending me your updated resume today! To apply online please click on the appropriate link below and send your resume in WORD format. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion please contact Marnie Wapshott or Mandi Vitalos on 03 9535 2111. ( SK97894A ) (SK98225A ) ( SK98226A ) Please visit www.veritasrecruitment.com.au to view more jobs. 
 The Company The organisation is a private group that specialise in residential and commercial property development. The group has been operating for over 25 years and have delivered landmark projects. The Role Leading a professional team, you will be a key advisor to the owner, who is seeking practical advice for decision-making. Key duties and responsibilities include: Leadership of the accounting and finance team Financial management, reporting and forecasting Actively manage business budgets, targets and costings Management of banking relationships, loans and covenants Liaison with external accountant and legal Experience Required The preferred candidate will be CA/CPA qualified and will have prior experience in the property sector and working with a private owner. In addition to your technical skills, you will require the ability to think strategically while maintaining a practical and hands-on style. How to Apply If you would like to be considered for this opportunity, please click the ˜Apply' button. Alternatively, please phone Mal Stuart 0413 308 314 
 Our client is a not for profit organisation based in Cabramatta. They are currently seeking an experience accounts payable officer who is able to hit the ground running. This is a full time 8 months fixed term contract. You will be an all-rounder who has immediate availability. You will be experienced and as well as  have a qualification in accounting/finance. Duties and Responsibilities : Process and coordinate all aspects of accounts payable and accounts receivable. Process payroll and coordinate payroll obligations. Preparation of GST and Business Activity Statements, including checking GST transactions, reconciling control accounts and lodgement of returns. Process and coordinate all business administration including banking, reconciliations and investments, workers compensation, insurances and purchasing. Process and maintain petty cash. Managing and maintaining confidential files and systems, including archiving as required. Prepare monthly, annual and periodic financial performance and statutory reports as required by the Business and Finance Manager and the CEO. Prepare accounts for audit and auditor. Other duties as directed.   Essential Skills and Experience  Immediate availability is a must Confident and clear communicator. Experience in financial management (accounts, preparation of budgets, financial statements and reports and project budgeting). Payroll experience. Demonstrated good computer skills including intermediate to advanced skills in Microsoft Office, particularly Excel. Competency in the use of accounting and payroll software. Qualification in Finance/accounting Desirable: Previous experience in the not for profit/community sector Apply as soon as possible! Urgent role, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. How to Apply: To apply for this role please send your resume to lauren.roobottom@brcrecruitment.com.au  or call Lauren Roobottom on 0286043938 for more information. 
Leading organisation within the education sector is on the search for a permanent Senior Finance Lead to join their ranks.  THE ROLE A full time, permanent opportunity situated in the Northern Suburbs - this role requires an experienced manager of people to lead a team of 6.  Responsibilities include: Centralising processes and making improvements Manage reimbursement, banking and clearance processes Lead, manage, develop and motivate a team Drive and implement change across the business Reporting on projects  Manage balance sheet reconciliation process Stakeholder engagement and management Develop and implement programs across the organisation, whilst overseeing projects, delivering on both time and budget  THE REQUIREMENTS A relevant degree  Substantial experience in management, debt management and collection with complex structures CPA / CA qualification or equivalent Exceptional interpersonal and stakeholder management skills A confident leader of people looking to teach and develop team members SAP and Microsoft Office competency desirable  If you feel this is the role for you please click APPLY and send your resume across today to be considered. 
 A FANTASTIC opportunity to join a growing and market leading organisation has become available. This growing company is looking for 3x outstanding credit officers to commence IMMEDIATELY. This role will allow you to work in a fast paced environment and play an integral part within the credit team. $30/hr + super 3 month assignment with view for extension Accessible via public transport Reporting to the Credit Manager your responsibilities will include: Managing a ledger of approx. 1500 accounts Follow up calls on outstanding accounts - high volume Handling and resolving enquiries and credit claims Providing high quality customer service You will ideally need to have: Working knowledge of SAP (highly regarded) Previous experience in Credit Control / Collections and ideally from a high volume environment Strong PC skills in Word, Excel and Outlook High accuracy and attention to detail Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Ability to build relationships and provide high level customer service **Candidates who are available IMMEDIATELY or on one week notice please apply** To apply please forward your resume to amelia.alinejad@randstad.com.au by clicking on the apply button below or contact Amelia on 02 9615 5381 
 We are seeking an enthusiastic individual to join our close knit team in Parramatta in the role of Senior HR and Remuneration Specialist on a full time basis.  This is an exciting opportunity for someone who is looking to come into a growing team where there is no two days the same.  In this role you will work with both the HR and Finance teams to drive and implement effective remuneration and benefits solutions to support the business to meet its strategic whilst at the same time overseeing our payroll officer ensuring accurate payment of wages for our Australian workforce. DUTIES ·         Be a trusted advisor to the business around remuneration and benefits  ·         Reviewing, establishing and implementing a consistent equitable remuneration framework ·         Manage the bonus and salary review cycle along with annual award increases. ·         Work with the Payroll Officer to ensure accurate processing of payroll ·         Be the backup for payroll when the Payroll Officer is away ·         Communicate with the business in relation to payroll calendar and issues SKILLS & EXPERIENCE ·         Tertiary qualifications in HR, Business and/or equivalent experience ·         Prior experience in remuneration and benefits related role ·         Previous payroll experience (ADP preferred) ·         Excellent ability to work with both internal and external key stakeholders and suppliers ·         Strong verbal and written communication skills ·         Ability to work autonomously and as part of a team player willing to jump in when required ABOUT THE COMPANY Cunningham Lindsey is one of the world's leading loss adjusting and claims management companies and have been integral to the Australian Insurance Industry for more than 100 years. Our 41 strategically located offices mean that around 93% of the Australian population are within a 2-hour drive of our specialists. We provide innovative, unique and effective claim solutions which deliver an improved customer experience whilst reducing costs and strengthening brand loyalty.  Associated brands include; MCL Global, FAS Global, Sergon Building Consultants, intrust, and, Oriel Repair, Restoration and Mitigation Solutions. To learn more about our organisation, visit our website: www.cunninghamlindsey.com HOW TO APPLY To be considered for this role, please click 'apply now' and include your resume and a brief covering letter. All applications will be treated in the strictest confidence and only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. The salary package offered to the successful candidate will be commensurate with skills, qualifications, and experience. Cunningham Lindsey Australia Pty Ltd is dedicated to eliminating discrimination and contributing to equal opportunity in the workplace 
 Opportunity to be part of a Listed Financial Services organisation in an Operational Risk and Compliance Manager role in the 2nd line Risk function. This is a leading Australian organisation with a presence in over 20+ countries. Key Responsibilities Assist in developing the organisations risk control framework and management procedure, instilling a culture of continuous improvement Accountability for risk identification, measurement, monitoring, assessment and control, according to the annual risk management plan; Ensure the company's risk management framework is in full compliance with Head Office and Australian Regulatory authorities' requirements and prevent any significant risk events Monitoring and analysing trends in mitigating risks, including risk treatment plans Developing and delivering enterprise risk management training and education programs to promote risk management knowledge, tools and tools to all work areas Reporting and providing insights on risk management issues for key stakeholders at the Executive level Sitting within the Technology Risk function Qualifications Deep experience within 2nd Line Risk Management and Compliance gained either or partially or wholly within financial services. A passion towards digital enhancement is highly desirable. Business partnering skills with the ability to work closely with the Regulators whilst managing the company's interests and agenda. Analytical mind and excellent problem solving skills, able to interpret complex regulatory policy and establish solutions for its implementation and fast adoption. Strong communication and influencing skills, able to work within a constantly changing business whilst maintaining essential independence. Excellent academic background Experience within Technology risk is desirable If this role appeals to you, please apply or contact Andrew Douglas on 02 9249 5009 for a confidential discussion. 
Position Description With team fit and culture a priority, the business is seeking a dynamic and motivated Credit Officer to join their team on permanent basis. Reporting to the Credit Manager and working within a medium sized team, you will be responsible for: Collection calls Following up on outstanding debt Providing high level of customer support Handling telephone account queries - internal/external Allocating and receipting payments Setting up new accounts and invoicing General hoc duties assigned by your Manager Reconciling debtor accounts as well as; Receipting/Banking  Ideal Candidate Previous experience within Credit and Accounts Receivable Demonstrated excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to multi-task Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment Ability to prioritise own work, and have excellent time management skills Additional benefit Flexible working hours Mentorship & career development Fun and dynamic work environment Organisational Profile This diversified business is a successful listed business and highly recognisable brand. Moreover the business promotes goal setting and internal growth to best develop their staff. It has a dynamic, vibrant culture and offers excellent staff benefits and work-life balance. How to Apply To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Giuliana Bisogni on 03 9616 2624, quoting reference number 6248. 
 I am currently working with an ASX listed technology/entertainment company who are searching for a Group Financial Accountant to join their team for a 6-month contract. This is an exciting opportunity to gain exposure to the entire group. The position does offer the opportunity to go permanent. Duties: Meeting Yearly, half year and monthly financial reporting requirement Ensuring month end and reporting deadlines are achieved Complying with accounting standards, policies and governance Assisting with preparing half and year end statutory Preparing accounting papers Assisting with auditors Run and analyse reports Assist with process improvements Build strong relationships with stakeholders Key criteria: CA or CPA qualified and big 4 or top tier-chartered experience Degree educated with an accounting major 3-5 years' experience in a similar role Ideally, experience working with an ASX listed company To find out more about this role and other opportunities please submit your CV or contact Sam Caygill 02 9103 8406 
 We are currently recruiting for a Commercial Finance Analyst to join a Blue Chip FMCG business based in brand new offices in North Sydney. The role is tasked with providing analysis and interpretation of financial and commercial information in order to to enhance the decision making process. You will play a critical role in the development of sound strategy and recommendations for commercial investment. You will be responsible for insightful and commercially sound recommendations which support the development of the business. Duties Use your commercial acumen and analytical skill to address business opportunities and to provide insights on current processes Analyse and interpret market issues and trends as they pertain to current and future products Assist in the competitive intelligence effort including tracking competitor moves, investments, and market focus to understand the impact on business opportunities. Provide financial analysis for decision making during the business planning process and tracking contribution against plan Prepare and present strategic and financial analysis to key internal stakeholders to evaluate strategic options, impact to P&L, effectiveness of strategic goals, and contingencies. Candidate profile Appropriate tertiary qualifications in a Finance Experience developing financial analysis tools Strong understanding of finance Experience in co-ordinating, influencing and operating effectively in teams Demonstrated ability to complete robust commercial analysis and business case development Strong stakeholder engagement This is an excellent opportunity to join an exciting business focused on future growth offering excellent benefits and a great work life balance. For further detail please apply online or to Sam.thewlis@hudson.com 
 The Company With continued growth throughout Australia and around the globe, this reputable Construction business has developed an industry leading reputation as a result of providing consistent high quality service for over 30 years. Having expanded their business, they are focusing on growing their team and working towards new goals. The Role Reporting directly to the Finance Manager, this standalone role will see you responsible for the following: Full-function Accounts Payable (80% of the role) Administration duties (20% of the role) Processing up to 1000 invoices per month Receipting purchase orders Payment runs Bank reconciliations End of month reporting The Person To be successful for this position, you will have previous experience with end to end Accounts Payable in a high-volume, standalone role. You will love getting your hands dirty and be able to hit the ground running in order to add value to the business. Experience within the Construction industry coupled with ERP experience will be highly regarded. To apply online please click on the apply link and send your resume in WORD format. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion please contact Jessica McMahon on 03 9948 9499. Please visit www.veritasrecruitment.com.au to view more jobs. (SK98321A) (SK98322A) 
 An exciting opportunity has become available for a switched on and dynamic Payroll Systems Administrator to use their expertise to deliver payroll analysis and solutions to our well established and highly reputable organisation. The ideal candidate will have PayGlobal experience and be available to commence on an initial 6 month contract. Client Details Our client is a well-established and reputable organisation who provide services to the community. They are a value based organisation, who pride themselves on their high performing nature and strive for continuous improvement. They are known to put their employees first and recognize hard work and achievements. As a result of a new project, an excellent opportunity has become available for a high performing Payroll Systems Administrator with Pay Global experience to join their vibrant team. Description As the Payroll Systems Administrator, you will be reporting directly to the CFO and your key responsibilities will include but not be limited to: Oversight and maintenance of system administration tasks associated with payroll, and design of the system. Provide technical support and advice regarding current payroll systems and ensuring proper maintenance and configurations Liaise with various stakeholders to improve systems Produce various reports Systems auditing and testing to ensure on going effectiveness of the system Prepare clear and detailed documents for writing manuals as part of system implementation and upgrades Maintain data integrity and security Development of interfaces between software products Manage the technical and functional of payroll systems in order for the payroll team to deliver high quality payroll Other ad hoc duties as per the CFOs request Profile To be considered successful as the Payroll Systems Administrator, the ideal individual will have advanced experience in a similar position and be able to hit the ground running with your expertise. You will have advanced communication skills, have the ability to influence and motivate stakeholders, be efficient and work smoothly in a team environment. An analytic approach and a proven ability to drive and manage system change will be advantageous. An eye for detail and effective time management skills will be important. High level of computer literacy is mandatory, especially with Pay Global and ideally with Time Target or Kronos. Job Offer Initial 6 month contract Immediate start Friendly team culture Competitive salary Convenient location To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Shivani Kashyap on +61 3 8616 6237 
 Recently established, this fast-paced Australia-wide distribution business is currently looking for an experienced bookkeeper with an ability to also assist with additional office administration duties such as payroll, general HR matters as well as support the administration requirements of the head office and its management. Reporting to the directors and oversight from the business' accountant, this position will suit a self-driven, methodical and quality focused office all-rounder.   Job tasks and main responsibilities - Accounts payable - Accounts receivable, invoicing and collection - Bank reconciliations, payments and credit card management - Weekly payroll and maintaining employee records - Management of payroll tax, superannuation and workcover obligations - Month end tasks, journals and preparation of balance sheet reconciliations - BAS/PAYG preparation and submission - Assisting with HR matters (i.e. employee contracts) - Staff expense management and reimbursement - Maintain a professional and vibrant office environment in this shared space - Main point of contact for both finance and office related queries   Skills and experience - Minimum 3 years of bookkeeping experience (Xero and MYOB experience preferred) - Intermediate MS Excel skills - Ability to work well under pressure and autonomously - Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English - Ability to meet deadlines - Attention to detail is a must   If this sounds like an opportunity you'd be interested in, please apply today by sending your updated CV and cover letter. 
Opportunities:  Come and work in a brilliant office space with an iconic Melbourne accounting practice. Close to the CBD it is practical and well serviced by public transport. Your responsibility: You will be looking to showcase your talent and ability to liaise and service clients. You will be wanting to pass your knowledge onto your junior staff and fine tune your review techniques and delegation methods. The scope of the position extends to managing a diverse client portfolio across a range of industries. The position will have direct partner and client contact, as well as participating in ongoing mentoring programs and training. You will be ask to put into practice what you learn in on the job exposure, experience and opportunities. Skills required: Good communication skills; 5+ years' experience in Australian Business Services; CA or CPA qualified; Proficient in software including MYOB AE, Xero, BGL, MS Suite; The ability to build effective relationships with your team and our clients. Please apply now to Piers Brelsford.  For a confidential discussion regarding this opportunity contact Piers on 03 9946 7315, piers@lawsondelaney.com.au Lawson Delaney: Lawson Delaney is Melbourne's premier specialist recruitment firm working with the Accounting Profession. When you view the profiles of our Directors you will know that you are working with the most experienced and highest achieving consultants. We are here to help you with your career!  http://www.lawsondelaney.com.au/ 
 The Company With continued growth throughout Australia and around the globe, this reputable Construction business has developed an industry leading reputation as a result of providing consistent high quality service for over 30 years. Having expanded their business, they are focusing on growing their team and working towards new goals. The Role Reporting directly to the Finance Manager, this standalone role will see you responsible for the following: Full-function Accounts Payable (80% of the role) Administration duties (20% of the role) Processing up to 1000 invoices per month Receipting purchase orders Payment runs Bank reconciliations End of month reporting The Person To be successful for this position, you will have previous experience with end to end Accounts Payable in a high-volume, standalone role. You will love getting your hands dirty and be able to hit the ground running in order to add value to the business. Experience within the Construction industry coupled with ERP experience will be highly regarded. To apply online please click on the apply link and send your resume in WORD format. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion please contact Jessica McMahon on 03 9948 9499. Please visit www.veritasrecruitment.com.au to view more jobs. (SK98321A) (SK98322A) 
 Our client, a large, complex organisation, in the heart of the CBD, needs a fixed assets expert for a 3 month contract role. Working with the existing team of 3, reporting to the Manager - Fixed Assets, we are looking for someone who can commence a contract role immediately. You will be responsible for a number of different asset classifications and will respond to internal asset acquisition and divestment by ensuring the asset register is accurately maintained. Working with a large ERP system, depreciate will be automatically calculated for you but you will be responsible for posting accurate journals to reflect values into the GL. The organisation is entering a period of inventory and asset validation, so you will need to visit a number of sites across Melbourne to validate asset holdings. Successful applicants will need to be able to demonstrate experience of fixed asset accounting in a large organisation where the value of the assets has been significant. Experience of such as part of a role in a smaller company will not have sufficient complexity for this role. Experience with property or infrastructure assets will be particularly useful. 
 Brisbane CBD Location 150+ staff firm, 25 staff audit team CA and CPA study fully supported Regular training and mentoring provided Exposure to a variety of audit clients provided Career progression available  At least 4 years' experience required About The Firm: This accounting firm is one of the most successful and well established firms in the Brisbane CBD that offers in-depth expertise in the areas of business services, taxation, business consulting, audit, superannuation and financial services. Due to continual growth, they now require an experienced accountant to join their external audit division. About The Opportunity: This role offers a structured career path where you will work with a diverse range of clients from all industries including clubs, not-for-profits, large private companies, SMSF, foreign owned companies and unlisted public companies with turnovers of up to $100M. You will work in a close-knit team and be exposed to all aspects of the audit process: Travel to clients to engage in the audit process  Assess financial reporting risk and design audit plans  Complete field work and test controls, transactions, accounts Report on results, prepare financial statements, cash flows and audit reports  Communicate directly with clients and provide advice throughout the process  What's On Offer: A competitive salary and employee benefits Opportunity for personal and professional development A friendly, social and supportive team Consistent training and development Full support and reimbursement of CA or CPA studies The Successful Applicant: Minimum 4 years' relevant experience within an external audit division Completed or intending to complete CA or CPA program Be willing to travel around Queensland for client work (reimbursement for travel costs etc)  Strong communication and interpersonal skills If this position sounds like the next big step in your career, then apply today to be considered!   Please click on the "Apply" button below and attach your resume, or contact Richard Erikson for a confidential discussion:  Phone: 07 3229 8020 Mobile: 0450 311 804  Email: richard@bentleyrecruitment.com.au 
 Bookkeeper (ABBOTSFORD VICTORIA) We are seeking an enthusiastic, motivated, knowledgeable and self-disciplined person to join our team on a flexible long term casual basis, starting from approximately 8 hours per week with the possibility of increasing hours hours per week as we are currently expanding. Pay rate is reflective of performance and above award rates will be paid to a deserving employee. The ideal candidate will possess the ability to work across a variety of client files. If you have strong basic skills, and are able to work efficiently and effectively, we will invest in your advanced training. Responsibilities: Data entry - MYOB and Xero Bank feeds Accounts Payable and Receivable Payroll Bank and account reconciliations Super stream lodgement Client interaction General administration duties Office duties/Management PA tasks to Director Requirements: Current working experience (2 years +) using MYOB is essential and not negotiable  Working experience with Xero (preferred but not essential) Knowledge of basic accounting - Debits and Credits Good time management Be able to follow instructions and abide by them Abreast of GST legislation and compliance  Solid working knowledge of Mac and Windows operating systems High level of lateral and logical thinking Accuracy and attention to detail Excellent communication skills Ability to work autonomously and independently (as well as in solitude as required) Honest and reliable You will be required to work during June/July school holidays and extra hours as required at the EOFY BONUS: Casual dress is appropriate most work days. Scope for some flexibility with working hours. A deserving employee, who consistently demonstrates the appropriate skill set, may be given the flexibility to work remotely at times. Applications will ONLY be accepted via Seek. If you have any questions regarding the role please email accounts@njmandco.com.au PLEASE NOTE: As soon as this position is filled the status will be updated. We will be going through reading all applications, interviewing candidates and advise that you may not receive an immediate reply. Please allow up to 3 weeks. Short-listed employees will be required to complete a questionnaire/behavioural assessment at round 2. Thank you for your patience. NO SUBCONTRACTORS THANK YOU   
 Description We are seeking a dedicated and experienced Auditor to join our team on a part time basis in our established and specialised audit practice located in Balwyn. About the role Part time role - approximately 12-18 hours per week.  Hours negotiable over Mon, Tues, Wed & Fri, to suit the right candidate.  May suit parent with school aged children or return to work candidate. Duties and Responsibilities Audit and assurance services as instructed by Director, including: Planning of audit engagements, identifying risk areas, engagement letters for approval, developing audit strategies and audit planning memorandum. Allocated sections of audit files by implementing audit strategies and testing procedures. Drafting management letters and audit completion reports. Assisting with the preparation of Statutory Financial Reports. Skills and experience Minimum 4 years experience in external audit of SMSF's, SME's and NFP organisations. CA or CPA qualified with current CAANZ or CPA membership. Proficient with Australian Accounting and Auditing Standards, SIS Act and Regulations. Ability to work independently and to meet set deadlines. Proficient in MS Outlook, Word, Excel, MYOB, Xero, Quickbooks and BGL. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Excellent time management skills with an attention to detail and high level of accuracy. Committed to maintaining excellent client service and strong relationships with clients and staff.   If you are looking for a great work/life balance, within a small, cohesive team, this may be the role for you. Please forward your resume to  admin@houriganpartners.com.au Applicants must have legal authorisation to work in Australia. 
 Prosun Industries is an Australian leading distributor of Solar PV panels, solar inverters, accessories and full solar systems. We offer premium solar products to customers in every state and territory of Australia. At Prosun, we believe clean, secure, plentiful energy is the future, and it will be the catalyst for your career success. We are currently achieving tremendous growth and are seeking an experienced financial officer. About the role Keep accurate records for all daily transactions Identify improvements to business practices and efficiencies Assisting in the preparation of budgets Prepare and monitor main operating accounts and cash flow requirements Accounts payable / receivable Experience in month end reporting and reconciliations Preparation of BAS Statements and Income Tax returns Preparation of sales forecast, cash flow report and other financial report Processing invoices Complete weekly payroll run About you CA/CPA/MBA qualified with relevant experience will be preferred Strong knowledge of accounting standards, taxation requirements, financial management systems and audit processes. Exceptional communication skills and the ability to engage and develop positive and collaborative relationships with colleagues and stakeholders. Proven commercial acumen with ability in strategic thinking, proactive planning, project management and operational execution. The ability to work calmly and logically whilst under pressure, managing multiple tasks and projects at once. If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' or forward a copy of your CV to sales@prosunsolar.com.au. Looking forward to hearing from you!     
 Orient House in Glebe is an established importer, wholesaler and retailer of antique Asian furniture, African and S.E.Asian artefacts and decorative items. We are looking for an enthusiastic permanent part-time book keeper to join our team. The successful candidate will play a critical role in the administrative and accounting side of the business. If you enjoy working in a friendly and creative environment, in a vibrant inner city location with the light rail at your doorstep, then this is the job for you. Your key responsibilities will include: Data entry including bank reconciliation Process payments and remittance Accounts Payable and Receivable Payroll and Super Credit Control Check electronic payments and receipts to invoices and post to Pastel. Month end Bank Reconciliation and financial statements. Prepare quarterly BAS report and payment for accountant. Finalise Pastel accounts for accountants and supply supporting documentation for year end Check tax assessments and diarise payment amounts and dates Monitor bank account balances.    Prepare schedule for monthly invoicing Office administration To be succesful in the role: 3 years + working  experience with an accounting/ bookkeeping focus and BAS reporting experience. High level of accuracy and attention to detail Organised Ability to pick-up new software and systems easily. Good computer skills  and skills across Microsoft Office products Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to work autonomously and within a team. The ability to relate to people in a friendly and professional manner. Positive "can do" attitude. This position will be suitable for someone looking for permanent part time work. To apply: Please send your CV to admin@orienthouse.net.au Outline your skills, availability, job experience in bookkeeping and administrative rolls. Only shortlisted applicants will be contacted.   
 About BDO: BDO is the largest mid-market professional service provider globally, with the depth and breadth of services and expertise to deliver on all of our clients' needs. At BDO, exceptional client service underpins our belief system and all aspects of service delivery to our clients. Our culture is collaborative and personal, and we recognise that to deliver exceptional service, we must provide an empowering and flexible environment for our people. Current Opportunity: Our Tax team provide advisory and compliance services from private domestic groups to large multinationals. As a Tax Consultant you will provide specialist tax advice and compliance services to a wide range of clients. Reporting to the Partner, you will have responsibility for managing assignments and building lasting client relationships.  Duties and Responsibilities: Tax compliance including preparation of tax returns, statements of taxable income and tax effect accounting Taxation planning Taxation of trusts, including AREITs and MITs, preparation and review of distribution statements Research and support for negotiations & settlements with Tax Office CGT & losses Fringe benefits tax Provide commentary to Federal Treasury, Australian Taxation Office and the media on recent developments in taxation Prepare and present tax technical papers to clients and other public practitioners  Qualifications, Skills and Experience Required: 2-4 years' corporate tax experience Strong tax compliance experience Tertiary qualification in Commerce or Accounting Part way or near completion of CA Program Strong commitment to quality service and client relationships Ability to work autonomously and commitment to delivering an excellent product Ability to work well as a team Ability to use tax product and MS Office proficiently and efficiently Solid writing and analytical skills with interest to develop these further Ability to liaise at all levels of an organisation, and with clients Strong research skills Excellent interpersonal skills Microsoft Office: Word/Excel/PowerPoint/Outlook APS Tax Manager MYOB What we will offer you: In addition to an industry competitive salary package, BDO offers a culture that emphasises career growth, professional development, collaborative culture, workplace flexibility and global opportunities. To submit your application please click Apply Now! Recruitment Agencies - thank you for thinking of us, however we do endeavour to fill our opportunities through direct channels wherever possible. If we find that we do need agency assistance, we'll be in touch.  
 This organisation is one of Australia's success stories; one of the largest in their sector with a consistent track record of year on year growth. They recently relocated to a new office location, a short walk from Southern Cross train station, which offers employees a modern working environment with great facilities. They are looking for a part-time Banking/Accounts Receivable person to join their banking team of 3 due to additional workload. Initially being offered as a fixed term contract for six months, the role is likely to become permanent due to continued growth in revenue. They are looking for someone to work mornings only. Your duties will include: Verfication of daily banking deposits from retail branches (300+) Liaison with branches to investigate discrepancies Allocation of customer deposits to the correct account and reconciliation of balances Dealing with banking queries and providing the treasury team with information for cashflow reporting This is an SAP environment but training would be provided if applicants do not have this experience. Successful applicants will be able to demonstrate robust banking reconciliations and cash allocation experience plus a genuine reason for wanting part time hours. 
 Key long-term development opportunity North / Eastern suburbs Practical / Industrial style business Well established and growing SME Our client is a privately owned and well established Australian company that has grown considerably since being re-energised by new ownership some 20 years ago. They are one of Australia's industry leaders in innovative design, manufacture, installation and service of high quality special purpose machinery. They serve a loyal market and continue to grow as a result of their advanced abilities and reputation. The company is recognised for its high-level customer focus, high quality products and efficient project delivery, including its ability to plan and complete small and large projects with demanding specifications and rigid delivery dates. Having grown significantly over recent years and with strong growth plans in place, they wish to develop an in-house finance role aimed at becoming a trusted advisor to the leadership team and moving up to the General Manager “ Finance within 3 “ 5 years. Reporting directly to the Managing Director, and being the most senior finance person in the company, you would be responsible for: Overseeing / managing all areas of finance including budgeting, profitability improvement, cash flow management, Funding, Forex Management, financial and management reporting, etc. Overseeing the work of a small in-house finance team Liaising with a contracted chartered accounting firm Developing an already strong level of commercial acumen Managing administration (process improvement, asset management, insurances, etc) Overseeing other non-operational functional areas including, HR, QA and compliance Supporting the MD with a range of projects / tasks To be successful in this important role, you will: Have a business degree, ideally in accounting or commerce, coupled with a CP / CPA qualification Consider yourself to be a business professional, rather than a finance person Be self-motivated, driven and goal oriented Have solid experience (> 5 years) in an industrial type business environment Have broad and varied finance skills including a strong understanding of financial, management and cost accounting Have solid experience project managing the implementation of financial and other software Be flexible enough to oversee compliance across the business Be described as personable yet persuasive, credible, adaptable, disciplined and precise, all underpinned by a common-sense approach Have well developed interpersonal skills, be team focused and have the ability to build strong relationships with all levels of the organisation On offer is a competitive package consisting of a market competitive base plus superannuation. Included is also some flexibility with the components of the package, a responsible and expanding position and a great team of workmates. Please forward your application including resume and covering letter outlining your experience / ability against the key criteria in this advertisement, by clicking on the link below. All applications will be treated in the strictest of confidence. 
This compliance and processing based role will allow you to utilise your advanced technical skills to ensure the timely preparation of financial statements, tax returns, BAS and FBT for a diverse range of clients. You will also be groomed to provide business support and advice to clients. The opportunity to train and mentor junior staff and to develop your supervisory skills are available should you wish to progress towards a Management position.   The successful candidate will continue to gain experience in Business Services and Taxation whilst being trusted with more client interaction, complex and challenging work. This role is critical to supporting senior staff and the team. Your Role Will Include: General Business Accounting & Taxation Multi-Million Dollar accounts BAS / IAS Preparation of Financial Statements Tax Returns and statements for Companies, Partnerships, Trusts & SMSF's Understanding of complex tax issues CGT, FBT, GST, and more Taxation Advice Ideally You Will: Have a minimum 3 years' experience in Australian public practice - business services / taxation Have experience with XERO, MYOB, APS and BGL  Have excellent communication skills with a high energy level whom works well both independently and as part of a team Have good technical and processing skills Have a good understanding of applicable tax regimes and various entity structures Have completed CA/CPA (or be willing to do so)   Our client has a strong tradition for rewarding good performance, offering a flexible working environment and promoting from within. Training and professional development is taken very seriously and they have committed the time and resources to ensure their employees receive industry leading training. This firm also offers a very social workplace with a number of social staff events on their annual calendar.   To apply for this role, please send your resume in through the APPLY button below. Alternatively, you can call Sarah Murch on (03) 9077 7491.  All communication will be strictly confidential. 
 Temporary to Permanent Opportunity - Newcastle Location, Begin Immediately. Training provided! Your new company This growing manufacturing company are experiencing a period of increased growth and are seeking an immediately available accounts clerk to join their lively and dynamic accounts team. You will report directly to the Office Manager and impress the team with your drive and efficiency to quickly make a positive impact on this organisation. Your new role Working closely with the support of your team members, your duties will include, high volume accounts payable, bank reconciliations, accounts receivable and payroll, as well as ad hoc administration duties when required. If you prove yourself to be bright and able, there is the possibility for this position to grow to include month end work. What you'll need to succeed In order to succeed in this role it is vital that you have strong experience in an accounts clerk role. You will be able to confidently carry out the transactional finance duties associated with the role and be open to perform a number of ad hoc financial and administrative duties. You will have clear and articulate communication skills in order to communicate with stakeholders at all levels, and have a passion and desire to build a career within the education sector. What you'll get in return In return you will get the opportunity to work in a flexible work environment where you will be given the autonomy to be hands on with your work and the responsibility to maintain key relationships within the organisation. You will be offered a competitive wage and the opportunity for a permanent role. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 We're JLL. We're a professional services and investment management firm specializing in real estate. We help organizations around the world achieve their ambitions by owning, occupying and investing in real estate. We're a Fortune 500 company. We work across 80 countries, in 280 different offices, with a team of over 77,000 individuals. And we look after a property portfolio of over 4bn square feet, all on behalf of our clients.   What does this job involve? We're looking for a talented AP Officer who wants a varied role, without boring and repetitive high volume invoice processing! You'll be working in Mascot, onsite with a huge facilities team, and be responsible for ensuring all vendor payments are made accurately and on time. This could include liaising with the business stakeholders to get all information in, overseeing the payment runs, or pushing through urgent payments. You'll also need to run reports, support the Finance Director with ad hoc requirements, and coordinate investigations into late payments.   Interested? This is what we're looking for: You've got experience with accounts payable payment runs, and have an ability to build rapport with stakeholders well! You'll also have experience using a large ERP (e.g. JDE or SAP). You're a team player, you like to be kept busy, and you've got a great attitude!   Apply now! Apply now on our Careers website, quoting the reference JR74514BR.   JLL is committed to developing and maintaining a diverse workforce. We encourage Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders applications and enquiries.     
 Awarded with the HRD Gold Award for Employer of Choice & as the BRW #1 Most Innovative HR company in Australia, Employment Innovations (EI) - including Employment Hero (EH) and Power2Motivate (P2M) - have worked alongside Australian businesses for over two decades providing comprehensive employment solutions. Our HR technology, professional and outsourced services can be designed to produce the best possible "win-win" solutions for employers of all sizes. For over two decades we've been providing Australia's employers, large and small, with all the HR and workplace law expertise they need. We're looking for a talented Payroll Specialist to join our growing outsourced payroll team; working across multiple industries and Awards. This role is busy and challenging and we'll give you all the support and training you need to develop into a Payroll Team Leader. You'll 'own' your own portfolio - ensuring the timely and accurate processing of your clients' payroll and answering their payroll related enquiries. THE ROLE End-to-end processing of weekly, fortnightly and monthly client pay runs in accordance with instructions, agreed expectations and best practice Provide excellent and proactive customer service in all dealings with your managed payroll clients and employees Perform full function payroll tasks including on-boarding, auditing, reconciliations, terminations, superannuation and ATO Reporting Requirements At least 2 years' payroll experience (high volume would be ideal) Customer service skills Degree in Accounting (desirable) but not essential. Must enjoy working with numbers! A high level of attention to detail and are comfortable working in a fast paced, process driven environment Previous experience in an administrative role and experience using Excel and Office Proven experience in prioritising workloads and strong organisational skills to meet tight deadlines Exceptional communication, both verbal and written A hardworking and team player attitude! Benefits Self, health, wealth, happiness initiatives Flexible working arrangements Friday celebrations with the team Return to work bonus for primary carers Continuing education/ post-graduate assistance program Employee rewards program Personal training, Yoga classes, lunchtime soccer & netball on request Health insurance corporate plan Weekly fresh fruit and daily breakfasts Quarterly & yearly team celebrations Discounts on products and services through our third party partners 
 XERO accounting software experience is ESSENTIAL Attention to details Weekly Payroll Weekly Account Payable (large volume of invoice data entry) Weekly Account Receivable Weekly revenue report we are a tourism Operation so prior experience in this industry will be looked upon favourably.  
 about us bassike is globally recognised as a leading australian fashion brand with a philosophy that centres around high-end design & construction with a commitment to sustainable manufacturing. our beautiful offices are based in warriewood on sydney's northern beaches. The bassike brand culture is unique and we protect this by seeking out friendly & motivated individuals who are passionate about delivering work to the highest standard. We pride ourselves as a brand of integrity, from the product, to our suppliers, and our people. the role we currently have an opportunity for an experienced accountant who is looking to bring their skils to lead our small and dedicated team. this role has a broad range of responsibilities including oversight of monthly management accounts, systems administration and supervision of the finance team. this role would ideally suit someone looking for the next step in their career, as the opportunity to develop over the next few years are great. the major functions of the role include: financial reporting including monthly management accounts and annual reporting the smooth running of internal financial controls and procedures regulatory compliance ap21 systems administration and basic IT support preparation of year-end audit package and key contact for external auditors assistance with budgeting including preparation control and reporting supervision of a small finance team we are looking for someone who has: 3+ years relevant accounting experience recognised accounting qualifications (CA or CPA); strong practical knowledge of accounting systems; advanced excel skills; ability to manage deadlines; strong communication and time management skills; positive energy; and strong ethics and integrity. if you feel you have the skills and experience to succeed in this role, we would love to hear from you. please include a covering letter explaining why you are interested in this role as well as your cv with your application. 
 Awarded with the HRD Gold Award for Employer of Choice & as the BRW #1 Most Innovative HR company in Australia, Employment Innovations (EI) - including Employment Hero (EH) and Power2Motivate (P2M) - have worked alongside Australian businesses for over two decades providing comprehensive employment solutions. Our HR technology, professional and outsourced services can be designed to produce the best possible "win-win" solutions for employers of all sizes. For over two decades we've been providing Australia's employers, large and small, with all the HR and workplace law expertise they need. We're looking for talented Payroll Administrators to join our growing outsourced payroll team; working across multiple industries and Awards. This role is busy and challenging and we'll give you all the support and training you need to develop into a Payroll Partner who manages a portfolio of payroll clients and answers their payroll related enquiries. THE ROLE Checking payroll reports in accordance with instructions, agreed expectations and best practice Ensuring all information is kept secure and confidential Investigate and resolve any discrepancies in payroll Liaising with various internal and external stakeholders Provide excellent and proactive customer service in all dealings with our payroll clients Requirements At least 1 years' payroll experience (high volume would be ideal) Customer service skills Degree in Accounting (desirable) but not essential. Must enjoy working with numbers! A high level of attention to detail and are comfortable working in a fast paced, process driven environment Previous experience in an administrative role and experience using Excel and Office Demonstrated knowledge of relevant legislation, penalty rates, Awards, tax and super etc. Computer savvy with working knowledge of payroll software (e.g. Keypay) Benefits Self, health, wealth, happiness initiatives Flexible working arrangements Friday celebrations with the team Return to work bonus for primary carers Continuing education/ post-graduate assistance program Employee rewards program Personal training, Yoga classes, lunchtime soccer & netball on request Health insurance corporate plan Weekly fresh fruit and daily breakfasts Quarterly & yearly team celebrations Discounts on products and services through our third party partners 
 [ ATTRACTIONS ] Tight-knit team with low-turnover Strong support and training from 2 Partners Full support of CA or CPA training and membership   Manage your own portfolio of clients Future career progression available    Why join this company? As a boutique team it is important to keep employees happy and keep a long-term stable team. Employees joining this firm will enjoy a low-turnover team, supportive partners, family friendly environment and work/life balance. With a national backing, you will be exposed to leading industry training, exposure to top tier clients and a long-term/stable career.  Duties & Responsibilities: This is a varied position involving tax compliance and advisory for a variety of clients including individuals, partnerships, companies and trusts. Prepare and review business activity statements Prepare and review monthly instalment activity statements Prepare and lodge tax returns for a range of entities and multi-entity groups Prepare client financials for tax planning and interim reporting Provide advice to clients regarding loans, tax (FBT, CGT, Div 7a), future purchases and other business related matters Provide assistance to junior accounting staff including supervision and review.   About You: We are seeking candidates with previous experience in the public practice Accounting industry and have: At least 4 years' experience in Public Practice Accounting Completed Bachelor Degree in Accounting Completed or partly completed CPA or CA qualifications       If you are interested in this opportunity please click APPLY or contact Richard Erikson on 07 3229 8020, 0450 311 804 or email richard@bentleyrecruitment.com.au **Refer a friend for a $1000 referral thank you (T&Cs Apply)** 
Company High Performing Financial organisation in the financial market space Position This role involves end to end Tax responsibilities including tax returns, transfer pricing, compliance, GST, FBT, Payroll tax and assisting with a ad hoc tax related matters. You will liaise with internal and external stakeholders to ensure tax effective accounting is in place and in line with business objectives. Profile  3+ years' experience in a similar position  Tertiary qualifications in Commerce  Chartered or CPA qualified  Knowledge of Australian tax legislation and its application to financial services industry  Proficiency with Microsoft Office suite of programs  Excellent attention to detail  A team player with the ability to work independently Benefits Immediate Start; Excellent company with a strong financial position. Please contact Vicky Lazarus or Anna Hall on +612 9262 4836 or apply at www.moirgroup.com.au. To be alerted when we advertise a new job please set up a "job alert" by visiting us at our website www.moirgroup.com.au 
 Intermediate accountant job available in Melbourne CBD firm offering a salary of $55K-$75K. Your new company This firm based in Melbourne's CBD is currently seeking an intermediate accountant who is looking to join a progressive firm that strives to provide a high level of advisory services to their clients. This firm offers a full suite of services including financial planning. Your new role The role will include duties such as however not limit to: Preparation of income tax returns Fringe benefits tax returns Tax advice Tax planning Preparation of financial statements Ensuring financial records are in order Liaising with the ATO What you'll need to succeed In this role you will be expected to have at least 2-3 years' experience working in a Australian Accounting Practice in business services and tax. You will have strong communication skills and will be studying towards your CA/CPA. What you'll get in return In return you will receive competitive remuneration, ongoing training for development and the opportunity to be part of a successful and highly motivated team who value their employees. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Systems Accountant needed to implement Sun Systems into a growing organisation Your new company This growing company based in North Sydney is going from strength to strength. They have recently taken on to upgrade their accounting system and are looking to develop the way they use their technology. Your new role Reporting to the Financial Controller, the key responsibilities will include: system implementation, training, evaluation, improvement of key processes and being a information point in the business for other departments. This role will involve high levels of internal communication and will therefore require an individual who can look at the current reports and improve them as well as developing new ones. What you'll need to succeed Must have previous experience with working with or implementing SUN Have strong financial, business systems and analytical skills and an ability to engage with all stakeholders in the business. Background in Finance or Accounting CA/CPA qualified would be a plus What you'll get in return You will join a company with a great culture and team and this position will be initially be offered on a rolling contract basis while the business assess future needs and the length of the project. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to nicola.reddan@hays.com.au, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Who is APT Travel Group? The APT Travel Group has a long and proud history. From humble beginnings that date back to 1927, the APT Travel Group today 90 years on is a global business with an extensive portfolio of touring and cruising brands. The brands of the APT Travel Group include APT, Travelmarvel and Captain's Choice. As Australia's largest locally owned tour company and most awarded, it maintains an unparalleled commitment to innovation in defining what travel means, not only in Australia but the world.   Our APT Commercial Team plays a pivotal role in pricing all of our APT International programs.  Many of the tasks are deadline driven and the successful applicant will work closely with each Product team to ensure that they are met.    Key objectives: Oversee Cost Admin Function Calculating and loading prices into APT's reservation system Providing assistance to other departments on Price related questions Provide back-up for the Pricing Analyst Ensuring that current pricing systems and processes support the critical business requirements for flexibility, timeliness, accuracy and user friendliness   Skills required: Sound time management and organisational skills The ability to communicate effectively within both the Pricing Team and across the wider business A calm and flexible approach Excellent computer skills (particularly with Excel) Excellent numeric skills Exceptional attention to detail Strong problem solving skills   In return for your hard work and commitment we provide the following benefits: Amazing staff travel discounts on APT and Travelmarvel products, start thinking about where you'd like to go! Social Club Wellness Program Career growth and opportunity Want to feel good and do some good in community? Then you can with your 2 annual volunteer days   Sound like your next gig?  Then we'd love to hear from you. Hit the APPLY button and take some time to complete the screening questions.  
Our client, a global property group has a great reputation in both Australia and overseas. They are involved in a diverse range of activities and are positioned well to grow significantly over the next few years.    The role This is an opportunity to work with the Financial Controller, taking responsibility for Financial Statements, Management Reports and Statutory Accounts.   Financial Accounting responsibilities Preparation of monthly financials, annual and half yearly stat accounts (including variance analysis) for inclusion in board papers Preparation of BAS, Income Tax, FBT, payroll tax returns Maintenance of the fixed assets register Preparation of joint venture financial statements and liaising with joint venture partners and financiers in respect of queries Preparation of monthly drawdown statements for financiers & equity partners Updating project feasibilities, including cash flow analysis Assistance with the preparation of monthly board papers, which include Cashflow management and Feasibility Analysis for projects Annual budgeting and forecasting/variance analysis Skills and Experience Required It is likely that you will come either direct from a professional services environment or are already working in the commercial sector, you will have a combination of the following skills and experience: CA / CPA qualified Excellent technical accounting skills Strong Communication skills "Can Do'' attitude Please click below to apply online, or send your resume to Iain@intuitiverecruitment.com.au or call on 0412485110 to discuss further. 
 Our Client A Not For Profit organisation who is located in the Parramatta surrounds. They pride themselves on improving the lives of thousands of Australians through research. Due to continued growth they are seeking a dynamic Payroll Officer in a part time capacity to join their team. With parking on-site, this role offers stability and a fantastic team environment. The Role Reporting to the Payroll Manager your responsibilities will include: End to end fortnightly payroll function Manual time sheets Preparing, reconciling and report processing Providing information and advice to employees and managers on any matters related to payroll Maintenance of personal files and other sensitive documents Any other duties that may require your attention or assistance The Successful Candidate To be considered for this role you must have the following skills/requirements: A minimum of 3-5 year's experience in running a full payroll function Intermediate to advanced Microsoft Word and Excel skills Excellent customer service, attention to detail and analytical skills A proactive approach and attitude who is adaptable to any environment Time management and organisational skills Experience in reconciliations CHRIS21 systems experience preferred On Offer Supportive and dynamic team culture On-Site Parking If you are a motivated and driven individual who is wanting a hands on role then this is the job for you. Please contact Sarah Cornelius on 02 9689 8913 for a confidential discussion. To apply online, please click on the link below. Alternatively, to discuss this opportunity further please contact Sarah Cornelius on 02 9689 8913. Follow West Recruitment on LinkedIn to receive the latest industry news and job updates at http://www.linkedin.com/company/west-recruitment-consulting Please submit your resume in Word format only. 
Are you a strong Accounts Payable Officer looking for your next challenge?  Keen to work within an international media and production company and start having fun at work again?    We have an exciting opportunity for a permanent part-time Accounts Payable Officer to join one of our favourite companies. Working 2 days per week (Monday and Tuesday) you will become an integral member of the cohesive accounts team. The business prides themselves on providing the highest level of service to their customers and they are seeking a focused Accounts Payable Officer who can continue to provide such strong service on a daily basis.     What will you be doing day-to-day: Daily processing of vendor invoices (medium volume), solving all PO-related issues and booking all related transactions in full accordance with internal guidelines (as well as tax regulations for both Australian and international invoices) Handling all accounts payable queries internal and external, promptly and effectively Processing documents such as purchase orders, delivery dockets, statements and registrations Preparing the payment proposal which will be reviewed daily by the Transaction Supervisor Creating EFT runs Receipting and matching of invoices & purchase orders Completing all monthly vendor (statutory and group) closing tasks and related reporting Completing credit applications and reconciling creditors statements as required, following up overdue or disputed invoices Creating a variety of finance-related reports for management Data entry and general office filing as required and other ad-hoc related duties You will have incredible attention to detail, be a driven and proactive person who can make a real impact in 2 days per week. You'll be confident to hit the ground running and ideally have had some exposure to SAP (preferred but not essential) This role is ideal if you studying, looking to return to the workforce or have other commitments during the week.  Due to the nature of the internal and external contact in this role we do require candidates with strong English written and verbal communication skills. Intermediate to advanced MS Excel is also required.  If this sounds like you, don't wait - hit the APPLY button today. For more information or a confidential discussion, please call Peta Hulin on 9271 0033. We are looking forward to working with you! 
 Opportunity to join a leading global education provider in the CBD with the potential to go permanent. Client Details Our Client is a leading global education provider operating in 31 countries. They have an extensive range of educational services available to their students. They are now seeking an Accounts Receivable Officer to join their team in the Sydney CBD on a 3-4 month contract. Description Reporting to the Accounts Receivable Supervisor, your responsibilities will include: Accounts receivable management Processing refunds and receipting Journal postings Daily bank reconciliations Negotiating repayment schedules Reporting Setting up new accounts Cash flow management General office administration Other ad-hoc duties as required Profile To be successful in this role, you will need to have 3- 5 years experience in a similar role. You will have strong communication skills and must be capable of hitting the ground running in a fast-paced, high volume environment. Preferably you will have had experience working in the Education industry, although it is not essential. Job Offer CBD location Immediate start Join a global business Great team culture To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Yuwan Dong on +61 2 8221 8111 
 Senior Commercial Analyst A leading Australian ASX listed business, known for their awesome culture and people, is looking for a senior commercial analyst to join the business in a newly created role designed to bring fresh thinking and ideas to the business. Reporting to the GM in this highly strategic role, you will have a curious nature, someone who will question business models and the broader business by challenging the status quo. The role will focus on delivering commercial value, insights and support the overall brand. Responsibilities: Analyse markets and trends Prepare detailed scenario modelling Build robust business cases Be the business partner to senior leaders Identify and initiate performance maximisation opportunities Support strategic decision-making Skills: Exceptional relationship builder with persuasive communication skills Superb financial modelling ability Switched-on, self-starter, quick learner, driven towards superior results Big 4 (or reputable chartered) foundation ideally with commercial internal strategy exposure - or straight from chartered having delivered complex financial modelling 5 to 7 + years' experience This is an incredible opportunity to join an already successful business, to establish the foundations for the next growth spurt. Don't miss out! Apply today! If you have any questions, please call Adam Taylor on 07 3258 8402 quoting reference 4B/26534. 
 The organisation This is a great opportunity to gain some sought after local government experience.  This council is growing rapidly and going through major transformational change to systems and processes.  You'll be joining a large finance team broken down into smaller divisions with a Team Leader so you'll receive plenty of support. The role They have an audit coming up, to ensure they receive a clean bill of health they require an experienced Asset Accountant to go through the register in detail, identify issues and make recommendations to ensure any past errors are corrected.  In addition you will:   Ensure appropriate controls are in place to ensure accuracy Identify errors or missing asset information and make corrections Evaluate asset maintenance costs, condition and valuation to steer effective resource allocation Reconcile general ledger to fixed asset system   The person To be considered for this assignment you will:   Have completed a recognised accounting qualification, e.g. CPA or CA Demonstrate extensive asset register experience Have experience with reconciling general ledgers Have used SAP or Pathway (Local Government)   Next Steps To be considered please click the Apply button to submit your resume or call Renay McMillan on 02 8853 4152.   
 Great work culture Opportunity for career growth Import and distribution company Full time position About the company: Our client is an import and distribution company with a mission to find the most innovative products overseas and distribute them through the most appropriate channels. It specialises in providing time and labour saving construction products and materials to tradesmen as well as in seeking out and distributing innovative lifestyle products and providing this direct to the end user. About the role: This is a standalone role, which suits an ambitious individual. The role will sit on the Management Team and report directly into the Managing Director. The role will be responsible for all aspects of running the finance function within the business and across all companies. It includes responsibility for managing all aspects and ensuring that a complete and up to date set of financial accounts are maintained at all times for all companies.  Key responsibilities will include: Day to day finance operations: General Ledger, Accts Receivable, Accts Payable, Inventory receipts, Payroll, Trade finance, Cashflow, Balance sheet recs Statutory reporting and auditing: BAS, Company Tax return, Debtor Finance Audit Month end processes and month end reporting: Mng Accounts “ monthly, Month end checklist, Provide final financial accounts Stock Management: Overseeing inventory management and stock counts Process improvement and system maintenance: Understanding of Tencia system and module functionality, Goal setting for department, Internal Audits and system improvements, Sit on Snr Mng team    To be successful for this role you must have the following: 5 + year experience Demonstrate numerical and analytical ability Tertiary Qualified and ability to communicate effectively in the business environment Good customer focus Excellent organization, time management and multitasking skills Ability operate independently Effective problem solver and decision maker High degree of computer literacy (PowerPoint, Word, Excel, Outlook and Internet) Highly Desirable although not essential experience in Tencia http://www.arrow.net.au/tencia To apply for this fantastic opportunity please send your CV in WORD format only, along with a cover letter outlining your suitability for the position. Only candidates who meet our Client's selection criteria will be contacted. Thank you.    Job ID: SMFA02 
My client is an exciting entrepreneurial Sydney based business with a rapidly developing global footprint. They are looking to recruit an ambitious CA qualified Head of Finance who is looking for a role where they can make a real impact from day one. The business has seen YoY growth and are looking for a commercially minded Head of Finance who will support the MD in driving the business forward in the next phase of its growth. The role is very hands on and will naturally involve all the monthly reporting, but we are looking for an analytical and commercial individual who will also add value to the business, analysing costs, sales, customers, and procedures and constantly look at ways of doing things better. This is a very exciting role within a great business and offers genuine long term opportunity. This company has shown impressive growth, sending shock-waves through the industry and this role presents a fantastic opportunity to a commercially minded, high achieving finance professional. Develop robust, efficient and automated core accounting and finance processes, including preparation of management accounts including P&L, cash flow and balance sheet on a monthly basis. Establish a financial planning process within a suitable analytics framework and implement a budgeting cycle. Own the monthly KPIs and management accounting pack. Partner with the Commercial Director and MD in developing financial models, business plans and forecasts. Manage tax, regulatory and compliance matters in consultation with external advisors. WHAT YOU'LL NEED TO SUCCEED You will be a CA qualified accountant with demonstrable experience of partnering with senior stakeholders, providing strong commercial insights to aid in their decision making. You will need to be a motivated self starter able to build strong working relationships with both finance and non-finance and leadership of a team. WHAT YOU'LL GET IN RETURN You will be rewarded with a competitive salary and benefits package and the opportunity to work in a globally renowned business, offering excellent career progression and working environment. This role has the scope to be shaped based on the individual and you will have the autonomy to make a real impact on this global business. Does this sound like you? Interested? Please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this position contact Dan Webb at Acquire Talent on 0421 526 393. 
 Current experience with Xero, Quicken and / or MYOB essential. We are looking for a skilled bookkeeper to manage accounts receivable for our busy newsagency marketing group where we handle invoicing for 250 stores. Much of the work right now is invoice data entry. Accuracy is essential as is workflow efficiency. Our current need for this role is five days a week. This could change based on work volume. However, we never expect it to fall below three days a week. We will look for: Excellent English skills. Professionalism in Australian bookkeeping. Experience. Easy availability. Immediate start. Australian residents or citizens only. Absolutely no agents. No accounting graduates. Absolutely no masters degree graduates. This is a simple bookkeeping role in a business that serves 250 small business retailers. Check us out at www.newsxpress.com.au an www.beanieboosaustralia.com 
 Immediate Start Short & Long Term Opportunities Norwest, Hills District, Greater Western Sydney & through to North Ryde Fusion Careers have a reputation for providing quality local employment opportunities with great companies for candidates based in the Norwest area and surrounding regions. We have a great success rate of temporary assignments becoming permanent so¦the more we candidates we place, the more candidates we need to fill the new opportunities coming through! We are currently looking for professional, well-presented and flexible candidates from an accounting background who have experience in the following areas: Accounts Payable Accounts Receivable Accounts All-rounder Assistant Accountants The key attributes essential to be considered for Temporary work include: Previous proven experience in an accounts based role Flexible and adaptable Proactive and a 'can do' attitude First class communication and presentation Reliable and punctual Sound computer literacy - MS Office/Excel Organised and efficient Proactive and willing to learn Your own transport is essential! If you want to work when and where you choose and enjoy the flexibility and variety that temporary work offers we would love to hear from you! To express interest in this role, please click APPLY and follow the links. 
 ACCOUNTING MANAGEMENT TRAINEE Premier Health Care operates in the Aged Care sector in S.A & Queensland, constructing and operating Luxury Aged Care Facilities and managing an extensive Property Portfolio from a Head Office in Norwood. As a result of the development and acquisition of new facilities we are seeking a management trainee to be part of a small team, reporting to our Managers and Directors. The successful candidate will have a degree (or be studying towards a degree) in either Commerce, Accounting, Economics or Law. He/she will be a self-starter, prepared to spend time at various levels learning the business from the ground up and assume overall responsibility for a Division or Cost Centre within a short period. This is an exciting opportunity to develop a career in one of the fastest growing industries in Australia. Working knowledge of Microsoft Office (Word, Excel & Outlook) is essential. Knowledge of Xero is an advantage. Flexible working hours will be offered to the right candidate. Please forward application letter and resume including 3 referees. www.phc1.com.au     
 Based in South Yarra 2-3 month contract Immediate need Our client are looking to secure the services of an experienced Senior Financial/Management Accountant to join their Corporate Head Office. Based in the inner Eastern suburbs, you will support the CFO with their diverse business portfolio, mentor junior staff and contribute to the long standing success of this high profile business. Your responsibilities will include: Management of business planning, co-ordination, performance analysis and reporting; Responsible for key project deliverables to senior management Support & co-ordinate audit and risk management strategies Prepare monthly reporting packs Compilation of monthly variance and financial reports to senior management Preparation of budgets and forecasts Data Management and reporting relating to resourcing requirements Liaising with internal and external clients/staff members and providing accurate accounting advice and additional processing needs when required The role requires a candidate with significant demonstrated experience working in a similar role. You will be a professionally qualified as a CA/CPA with experience using large ERP's as well as previous experience in supporting key stakeholders within an organisation. Candidates with experience working with PRONTO will be highly regarded. Essential to the role will be your exceptional written and verbal communication skills and ability to work in a team focused environment. This client has an IMMEDIATE need so apply today. Please apply quoting Ref No: 21741RD 
 Join an established infrastructure business experiencing a period of growth and change. Your new company An established infrastructure business based in Melbourne CBD who are experiencing a period of growth and change. Your new role As part of the Regulatory Modelling team you will be involved in developing and maintaining financial and regulatory models with respect to long-term revenue forecasting, 5 year regulatory resets and other models that support regulatory strategy. In addition to this, you will be involved in preparing analysis for key stakeholders throughout the business. What you'll need to succeed You will have 3+ years of experience that has been gained in professional services or a relevant role in industry. Experience developing spreadsheets / models for financial or economic analysis is preferred. Candidates with experience within a regulated industry will be looked upon favourably. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' or forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to bryn.morgan@hays.com.au or call Bryn Morgan on 96049633 now. 
 Department of Transport and Main Roads / Cairns (negotiable) Temporary full time until June 2020 with a possibilty of an extension Salary in the range of $60,281 to $67,216 per annum excluding superannuation.   RoadTek Structures Management Services have a temporary vacancy for a Project Costing Officer.  The location of this role is Negotiable across Qld at any RoadTek location.   Highly Desirable requirements: Valid Queensland 'C' class driver's licence or equivalent. A reasonable amount of travel consistent with industry standards will be required throughout the State.   Accountabilities include: Undertake financial and timesheet transactions in relation to daily costing, revenue claims in projects and work orders using various department packages including AMMS, Promaster and SAP for financial transaction reconciliation.  Monitor the financial position of projects and work orders and ensure only correct charges are being debited to projects or work orders and provide early warnings to management of any deviations beyond predetermined limits. Undertake 'End of Month' and 'on request' financial reporting to enable accurate project or work order tracking and to indicate the overall financial position of various projects.  Prepare financial documentation in liaison with relevant line managers to facilitate procurement and ensure correct recording of financial transactions. Undertake monthly claims process in collation of statewide contracts for Structures Maintenance Performance Contract and ensure appropriate reconciliation of financial systems. Requisition and monitor the supply of goods and services to ensure workflows are uninterrupted.  Investigate and resolve routine supplier complaints and feedback.  Monitor Inventory purchases and apportionment of costs and assist with stocktaking as required.   Please refer to the Role Description for further details regarding this vacancy, capability requirements and how to apply.   For further information about this position and details on how to apply, please visit the Queensland Government Smart Jobs and Careers website www.smartjobs.qld.gov.au.   Job Ad Reference: QLD/274093/18.   Closing Date: Tuesday, 1 May 2018 
   Macnaught Pty Ltd. is a 100% Australian-owned company based in Turrella, (south-west Sydney) which designs and manufactures a wide range of high quality equipment for the lubrication and fluid transfer industries including grease and oil pumps and guns, fuel pumps, hose reels and flow meters. A full time position is currently available for an Junior Financial Accountant to work within the Finance team.  Reporting to the Finance Manager, you will assist in budgetary control, costing analyses, preparation of management reports, business process improvements, and other related Finance duties including: Month end processing and preparation of Financial Reports Review of bank reconciliations Assist with the annual audit requirements Product costing maintenance and analysis Maintenance, analysis and reporting of sales rebates Maintenance of the Fixed Asset Register and capital expenditure tracking Balance sheet reviews and P&L Analytics Prepare BAS and FBT return in a timely manner Prepare General and Creditor Insurance renewal System Admin support Ad hoc project work as and when required   To be successful in this role, you will need to have: An Accounting / Finance degree Either studying towards or a desire to study a CPA Qualification Previous experience in the above areas High attention to detail Be self-motivated, proactive and have a 'can do' attitude. Ability to work under pressure and multi-task (time-management skills) Strong written & verbal communication skills Proven data entry skills - accuracy and speed Proficiency in MS office package Pronto experience desirable   
   Accounts Receivable Officer required for busy professional services practice in Nowra   About the role Processing accounting receivables and incoming payments Performing day to day financial transactions, including verifying, classifying, computing, posting and recording accounts receivables' data Processing accounts payables and outgoing payments Preparing bills receivable, invoices and bank deposits Managing and processing trust payments and receipts in accordance with financial policies and procedures and trust regulations   Work Hours and Experience Part Time 3 days per week MYOB experience essential MS Office experience essential Minimum 2 years experience in a similar role required   How to apply Please forward your cover letter and resume to accounts@mdvfamilylawyers.com.au. Applications close 4.00pm, 15 May 2018.   
 Well established international finance company requires an exceptional individual who can join their Sydney based team of B2B customer service collections specialists managing a portfolio across Australia. Recognised for their exceptional customer service levels which are endorsed by the extensive number of new business referrals they receive, this is a culturally warm friendly respectful environment to work in. Reporting to the Client Service Manager you will be allocated a group of existing corporate clients for you to manage and personally look after. Your key responsibility will be to build instant rapport with all the existing client's Accounts teams to ensure that regular payments are being made. Your contact with your National portfolio will be regular so you can truly build good working relationships with these businesses. All conversations will need to be documented concisely on the system and any suspected fraudulent matters be elevated to the next level immediately. To successfully secure this position, you will not be call reluctant in any way as you will be on the phone 90% of the day. Your background will demonstrate either previous collections experience or good all round accounts experience with some receivables. Paramount is your bright outgoing character, that is engaging and articulate in a professional yet warm manner. Good corporate experience is essential along with excellent communication skills written and verbal. This is a company that believes in ongoing training, well being, team collaboration and promoting staff within. Encouraging and engaging environment for those who are passionate about providing exceptional customer service in finance. Please send a WORD version of your resume now . 
My client is a prominent player in the Melbourne market with a major focus on apartments. From procurement of land to design, marketing, construction and project delivery, they offer a one stop shop for their developments! About the Role: Full management of all aspects of accounts including: Reviewing and ensuring accurate receipting and logging of supplier/contractor invoices, before distribution for approval Coding of supplier invoices Data entry of creditor invoices once approved Processing employee reimbursements Processing of all supplier & sub-contractor payments Recording & reconciling direct debits Reconciling creditor statements Managing creditors account queries Management of petty cash Credit card reconciliation Compile and maintain creditors excel spreadsheet General administrative/reception duties as required Provide support where required to Finance Department All aspects of reporting including: Assist in the planning of the annual budget & forecasts where necessary Prepare various financial information for the monthly report Monthly reconciliation of balance sheet accounts Ensuring that payments / deposit issues are resolved promptly Assist in the resolution of any debtor issues Account coding & approval of general supplier invoices Assist GM with refining and implementing effective financial practices Your Experience: Bachelors Degree in Accounting (or similar) Enrolment in the CPA program with the view to complete alongside work Experience in construction industry preferred Proven experience in using a construction based accounts system (Databuild) will be a considerable advantage Demonstrable ability and experience in handling multiple tasks including supplier inquiries Your Winning Personality: Strong communication skills Strong organisation skills Strong proven leadership skills Microsoft Office and Windows intermediate level a minimum Self starter/ highly motivated Data entry speed and accuracy What Next? Please apply now with your cover letter and resume if this role sounds like the perfect fit for you! 
 About the Company: With a global presence over 24 years' local experience, our client specialises in digital print, PVC fabrication, traditional painting & sign writing.   Duties: As the Bookkeeper working closely alongside the Financial Controller, you will take on the following: Accounts payable - data entry, reconciliation and payments Accounts receivable support Payroll Banking Balance date adjustments Other accounts related duties as required   Skills & Experience: A minimum of 5 years bookkeeping experience, ideally in a medium to large sized manufacturing environment Solid MYOB AccountRight software experience Solid Microsoft office experience A good understanding of payroll awards Time management skills Problem solving ability Ability to work independently and part of a team   Benefits: Close to home with parking on site - Dandenong South location Attractive remuneration $55-$60k+super Full time stable position Passionate, dynamic team Professional employer   How to Apply: Click on the "Apply Now" button. For additional questions ONLY, call Kamila at HOBAN on 9554 4200. Please note candidates must hold Permanent Residency. Successful candidates will be required to complete Microsoft Office testing.   
Well established national organisation with a strong footprint in providing technology solutions to government and private enterprise. The role of Project Accountant, works very closely at a Program level and reports to the Finance Manager.  It operates a business partner and provides financial management and oversight including establishment, monitoring and reporting of programs, pricing proposals and compliance.  Functionally on a day to day basis you will be: Management of all financial aspects including setting up projects on the financial system, monitoring performance, sales & cash forecasting, reconciling contract values, price variation calculations, developing estimates at completion, maintain revenue recognition, conduct analysis of actual versus budget Recording project expenditure with conciliation to control accounts Management of billings for all projects and collections Management KPI's with a focus on driving performance and insight into improving results Providing financial insight for pricing of new business Monitoring of compliance across purchasing, estimates, project reporting, revenue recognition, EVM and IPD Engaging with program managers and teams providing in-depth analysis and critical thinking across all financial program matters with an ability to identify risks and cost effective solutions To be successful in this role, you will be a qualified CPA Accountant with significant experience gained in Project Accounting (minimum 5 years post qualification) having been providing hands on expertise to a program/project ideally coming from Mining/Construction/Engineering/Joint Venture based organisations.  In addition, you must be able to demonstrate your capability with: Understanding AUS & US GAAP, with a solid understanding of financial statements (including income statements, balance sheet and cash flow, financial metrics) Program/Project Financials with an in-depth level of experience with Estimations at Completion, Earned Value Analysis, Risk Analysis with consideration to impacts of events on financial statements Capital planning, productivity, foreign exchange and discretionary resources Production of complex Excel spreadsheets being able to transform complex data into concise and key information The individual in this role, must be have highly developed communication skills, with the ability to engage stakeholders at all levels internally and externally.  Additionally, you will bring a high level of commercial acumen displaying the abilities to negotiate and make decisions, demonstrating your skills as a subject matter expert. Candidates must be Australian Citizens in order to apply for this role.    Please apply with your CV in word format only. 
 Location: Parramatta surrounds Salary: $65K + Super Benefits: parking onsite; national portfolio; industrial giant Role Overview Reporting to the Credit Manager, the Credit Controller will take full ownership for the management and collection of a six million dollar national ledger. You will be attending to a high number of outbound collection calls and your dispute resolution skills will be pivotal to your success. This is a team based position that requires someone who is self motivated, reliable and deadline driven. The successful candidate will have previous collections experience managing a high volume of calls on a daily basis and a passion for credit control. Responsibilities This successful credit controller will be responsible for the following duties; Manage a critical national ledger worth over $6million dollars Manage relationships with customers, resolving disputes in a timely manner Maintain high call volumes on a daily basis Reduce DSO and contribute to overall team success Reviewing aged debtors list for overdue accounts Reconciliations and allocations Candidate Profile As an experienced Credit Controller you will bring with you the following; Minimum 5+ years' experience in a full function credit control role Proven track record managing national/key accounts Experience in collections in a high call volume environment Confident and engaging communication skills Solid excel skills and exposure to large ERP systems is a must The Company This nationally renowned leader in safety services is currently seeking a Credit Controller to manage a large portfolio of consumer accounts. This business giant is experiencing high growth and due to this they are looking for a highly motivated and reliable Credit Controller passionate about collections to join their team. Apply If this sounds like you, please send your resume by clicking the apply link below addressing Nicolas Gonzalez, quoting reference number NGCO4013 in the subject line. Please allow for 3 - 5 working days for us to process all the applications. All applicants will receive feedback from us, either via email or a telephone call 
 Industry leading property group Oversee general accounting operations for the operating group across three pillars/segments Full-time permanent opportunity The Role A firm client is seeking an experienced Group Finance Manager to join an industry leading property group based in the CBD. The role will oversee general accounting operations for the operating group across three pillars/segments, in addition to managing elements of the group's private and commercial property investments. Reporting directly to the CFO, the role will be responsible for driving the reporting process including its continuous improvement, financial analysis, statutory compliance and resource management within the Finance team. The role is offered on a full-time, permanent basis and provides an exciting opportunity for an experienced professional to play a key role in supporting the business needs from both a financial and operational perspective, proactively supporting continued business improvement and success.    Key Responsibilities Duties will involve but not limited to: Support and manage the month-end and year-end close processes; Control & manage regulatory compliance - Payroll Tax, WorkCover, GST, Stamp Duty etc; Ongoing financial analysis and coordination of direct budgeting & forecasting processes; Compile & distribute monthly management reporting in an accurate, complete & timely manner; Manage & control all accounting functions & operations including AR, AP, general ledger reconciliations, payroll, project accounting, reporting and risk mitigation; Assist the CFO in controlling & overseeing all end-of-year financial accounting & reporting functions, including reconciliations and liaison with external accountants/tax agents; Assist the CFO with a selection of commercial matters including insurance, acquisitions and business growth management; Monitor performance of the accounting functions & operations, providing advice on efficiency gains & continuous improvement of processes & systems, keeping business leaders informed & accountable; Work with the CFO to set and measure finance objectives for the various teams within all parts of the business; Actively monitor, maintain & regularly update the group structure; Provide direction, feedback, motivation and training for all direct and indirect reports; Encourage clear communication & adherence to policies & procedures Requirements Tertiary qualifications in Accountancy, Commerce or Business-related discipline; CA or CPA with a minimum of 5 years post-qualification; 5+ years of accounting and finance experience at a senior level, including experience as a Finance Manager/Financial Controller or relevant experience within a chartered accounting or CPA firm; Property development/property industry experience will be viewed favourably; The ability to incorporate leadership skills to help build and mentor a successful team, with the ability to motivate and drive a positive culture aligned with group values; Maturity, confidence and discretion to engage with senior management and external parties; Attention to detail & unwavering focus on quality output, with an ability to self-manage, plan & prioritise    The Company Our client is an industry leading, Melbourne- based, privately owned property organisation which has organically grown from humble beginnings to become one of Melbourne's most successful and trusted developers. Over the past 30 years, their team of passionate people have brought to life a range of commercial, residential, office, retail and mixed-use developments planning all disciplines of the property industry, delivering products that set benchmarks for quality, comfort and liveability.    To apply for this exciting opportunity please click on the ˜Apply for this job button ensuring your CV and cover letter are included in your application. For further details please contact Cameron Mack, Associate Consultant, Pitcher Partners at cameron.mack@pitcher.com.au or 03 8612 9640. 
 About the Company: Our client is Australia's leading supplier of complete oil management systems that deliver in quality and convenience.   Duties: Working alongside the Administration & Finance team, you will take on the following: Debtor management - accurate general maintenance of assigned Debtor portfolio, Eg: Manual invoicing Processing price adjustments and banking from Depots Notification & maintenance of Lost Accounts/Change of Ownership Preparing & assigning debtor accounts for external collection Journal Processing - end of month Query Resolution Reporting - daily, weekly or monthly General Admin Duties as required.   Skills & Experience: Previous experience within a similar role (min 1-2 years) Experience in high volume based transactions and processes Good PC skills, particularly in Excel High attention to detail, accuracy and methodical approach Ability to meet deadlines   Benefits: Great "family like" team environment Close to home with parking on site Full time hours (8.30am-4.30pm, M-F) for 4 months (there may be an opportunity for extension)   How to Apply: Click on the "Apply Now" button. For additional questions ONLY, call Kamila at HOBAN on 9325 3200. Note: Candidates must hold Permanent Residency to be considered. Successful candidates will be required to complete Microsoft Office Testing. 
 We currently have an exciting opportunity available for an experienced Manager to join our Crowe Horwath Specialist Tax team. Based in our Sydney office, this is a great chance to pursue your career aspirations in a progressive and high performance environment. In this role you will manage a portfolio of long-standing clients comprising of corporations, individuals and international clientele in a broad range of industries, including a significant proportion in sports and entertainment. You will be required to manage client relationships and be encouraged to increase the range of services provided to existing clients as well as develop your own client base. You will be responsible for the day to day management of work standards, work schedules, staff supervision, development and productivity. The ideal candidates will hold relevant tertiary and professional qualifications (CA and/or law) and demonstrate the following: 5-7 years proven tax / accounting work experience (public practice experience is highly regarded); Thorough knowledge of accounting and tax practices as they apply to SMEs; A proven track record of excellent stakeholder management and leadership skills; Ability to present internal technical training sessions and client seminars; Excellent communication skills; Strong analytical skills; Diplomatic, personable and professional. To be successful in this role, you will be required to establish and maintain positive client relationships and be a proactive and results driven team player Benefits at Crowe Horwath In return, Crowe Horwath provides a diverse and inclusive work environment and offer many benefits to ensure your professional development & wellbeing. Broaden your experience and become a leader in a growing market; Genuine opportunity for long-term career progression; Continuous learning and development initiatives; Access to a variety of clients and innovative resources, while experiencing the advantages of a mid-tier environment focused on building relationships; Competitive remuneration package and employee benefits including; paid parental and partner leave, Employee Assistance Program and wellbeing benefits such as vaccinations, health insurance discounts and monthly staff social events. About Crowe Horwath Crowe Horwath in Australasia is the largest provider of accounting, audit, tax, business and financial advice to individuals and small and medium enterprises. From a comprehensive network of over 110 offices located in regional, rural and metropolitan areas, we combine local knowledge with world-class technology to help you on your financial journey. Our vast geographical footprint and team of over 3,000 principals, professionals and support staff provides you access to expertise across the entire range of financial services, ensuring more than just financial advice. With affiliations to our global network, Crowe Horwath International is ranked amongst the top 10 global accounting networks, and is known for delivering quality accounting and advisory services in more than 130 countries. We are the relationship that you can count on - large enough to offer a range of expertise and skills - and small enough to provide the personal touch. 
 About the Role  A key role driving reporting, analysis and commercial insights to operations. You will be a key leader within the Australian operations team and collaborate with the senior finance leadership team.  The Responsibilities Reporting to the CFO you will be responsible for: Analysis of plant profitability and analysing variances Costing, BOMs Month end close for operations Prepare the monthly reporting package for senior management Business partner operations and supply chain management to support decision making Analyse product cost estimates Maintain product standard cost and routers in SAP Maintain capital reporting, ROI, cash flow projections and CAPEX Provide financial leadership over operations The successful applicant with have CA/ CPA qualified you will be a Management Accountant who has experience in an operational environment, ideally from Manufacturing, Food - Manufacturing or similar. You will possess proven business partnering skills. An understanding of manufacturing processes is essential and SAP skills are essential. About the Client Privately owned Manufacturing company who are a leader in their field. They possess well known brands and operate in the generic brand market. They offer international opportunities and career development. How to Apply To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, contact Terry Chandramun on 0499 032 673 or tchandramun@sharpandcarter.com.au 
 About the role  An exciting and challenging position as a commercial analyst with a large Australian listed retail company has been made available due to organic growth. Reporting into the commercial manager, you will be responsible for high level budgeting, analysis and business partnering with a specific business unit. This role would be an ideal move for a candidate with an FMCG, Retail or similar background. Big 4 experience will also be considered advantageous. The responsibilities Your responsibilities will include but will not be limited to: Analysis of various business units revenues with the objective of bringing greater understanding of sales trends relating to customers and products High level budgeting for each business unit including incorporating gains and attrition, pricing and growth assumptions Monthly review of sales, COGS and other selling expenses against budget and forecasts to identify any major variations. Form and document trends or variances in trends at month end close. Understanding of various ERP systems including an ability to extract data as and when required for further analysis Completion of Daily Sales reports  The successful applicant will have Degree in accounting or related degree CA qualifications Excellent communication and organisation skills Advanced Excel skills Big 4 training Experience within a large ERP system  Additional benefits Work with a large Australian listed retail company Household products Close to local cafes and eateries Unlimited career progression About the client Our client is an Australian listed multinational Retail company, They boast some of the most recognisable brands on the Australian market. How to apply  To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Patrick Ryan on 0401 205 364 or pryan@sharpandcarter.com.au, quoting Ref No PR 13002 
 EXCLUSIVE to Marshall McAdam The Company Our client are a fast paced, mid-sized B2C organisation based in the CBD. They offer a great team of dynamic, driven and fresh thinking professionals and a motivated culture. The Assignment We are seeking an experienced Accounts Payable professional to start immediately for a 3 month assignment - potential to be extended. You will be joining a medium sized team to assist through a busy period and help out with full end to end Accounts Payable duties. About you You might be on a working holiday visa looking for work relevant to your career history, or you might be a permanent resident/citizen of Australia looking for some interim work to suit your current situation. Either way you must have 1-2 years full function AP experience, a natural customer service style with great communication and the desire to work in a fun, fast paced and lively environment. It's very important that you are available to start at short notice and absolutely willing and able to commit to the full duration of the contract. If this sounds like you, please reach out to Cydney on 02 8315 9203 to discuss further and APPLY with your CV ASAP. 
Our client, a pioneering organisation within the financial Services sector, have an available opportunity for an enthusiastic and experienced Tax accountant to join their collaborative team on a (12 month) Fixed Term Contract basis. Responsibilites of the role will include  Ensure all tax compliance activities are adhered to Assisting in the preparation of Transfer Pricing documentation Review tax provision calculations by Finance including tax effect accounting Review BAS, FBT, Payroll Tax returns prepared by Finance Review intercompany charges to ensure consistency with external tax advice, legal agreements Assist with implementation of external tax advice Managing tax account balances with the ATO Keeping abreast of changes in tax laws applicable The ideal candidate wioll possess the following: Previous Experience in a similar position Chartered or CPA qualified Knowledge of Australian tax legislation and its application to financial services industry Excellent attention to detail A team player with the ability to work independently Interested candidates, please hit "apply" or contact Alex on 0292264480 for a confidential conversation. 
 This is the ideal role for a Junior Accountant or Grad looking to take their first step in to a Financial Reporting role. Client Details My client is a large, multi-national organisation in Melbourne's inner suburbs. With excellent mentorship and a great team culture, this would be a great step for an enthusiastic and driven Junior Accountant. Description This role will be responsible for the below: Preparation of accruals and prepayments Inter-company reconciliations for monthly reporting, forecasts & budgets Profit & loss accounts, balance sheet and cash-flow Full account reconciliations and monthly analysis Preparation of monthly journals Prepare information to ensure external audit requirements are met Reconcile and process Visa transactions Reconcile GST and FBT ledger accounts Perform New Zealand Payroll related reconciliations Ad Hoc Duties Profile If you are a dynamic, fast thinking and driven Grad/Junior Accountant this is the ideal next move for you Open to those who are about to embark on their CPA/CA or those who are part way through This will be a temp to perm opportunity - open to those who are available for an immediate start and to those with a longer notice period Job Offer Work with a large organisation with learning and development opportunities Long term contract with the view to permanency after Convenient inner suburb location and excellent team culture To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Moira Nolan on +61 3 9607 5668. 
 Department of Transport and Main Roads / Cairns (negotiable) Temporary full time until June 2020 with a possibilty of an extension Salary in the range of $60,281 to $67,216 per annum excluding superannuation.   RoadTek Structures Management Services have a temporary vacancy for a Project Costing Officer.  The location of this role is Negotiable across Qld at any RoadTek location.   Highly Desirable requirements: Valid Queensland 'C' class driver's licence or equivalent. A reasonable amount of travel consistent with industry standards will be required throughout the State.   Accountabilities include: Undertake financial and timesheet transactions in relation to daily costing, revenue claims in projects and work orders using various department packages including AMMS, Promaster and SAP for financial transaction reconciliation.  Monitor the financial position of projects and work orders and ensure only correct charges are being debited to projects or work orders and provide early warnings to management of any deviations beyond predetermined limits. Undertake 'End of Month' and 'on request' financial reporting to enable accurate project or work order tracking and to indicate the overall financial position of various projects.  Prepare financial documentation in liaison with relevant line managers to facilitate procurement and ensure correct recording of financial transactions. Undertake monthly claims process in collation of statewide contracts for Structures Maintenance Performance Contract and ensure appropriate reconciliation of financial systems. Requisition and monitor the supply of goods and services to ensure workflows are uninterrupted.  Investigate and resolve routine supplier complaints and feedback.  Monitor Inventory purchases and apportionment of costs and assist with stocktaking as required.   Please refer to the Role Description for further details regarding this vacancy, capability requirements and how to apply.   For further information about this position and details on how to apply, please visit the Queensland Government Smart Jobs and Careers website www.smartjobs.qld.gov.au.   Job Ad Reference: QLD/274093/18.   Closing Date: Tuesday, 1 May 2018 
 Ecotech Energy is a Renewable Energy company that is continuing to grow and expand within the Solar Construction industry. With an increasing administrative demand, we are searching for an experienced Accounts and Administration Officer to join us on a part time basis and have a direct impact on the day to day running of the business. While the job will primarily revolve around accounts, there will also be an administrative aspect to the role. Key Responsibilities include, but not limited to: Reconciliation of accounts Accounts payable / receivable Liaising with internal and external stakeholders Following up overdue accounts Data entry Quarterly BAS and preparation of financial reports Processing / Invoicing of payments Ad hoc admin as required Key Attributes: Experience using accounting software Xero essential High attention to detail Ability to prioritize tasks Strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to work autonomously as well as within a team In return you will receive competitive remuneration and autonomy, with the part-time hours allowing for a great work / life balance. As the company grows there may be potential for this position to become full-time. If this job resonates with you, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV. Please note that only successful candidates will be contacted.  
 Our client is a respected professional services firm focusing on tax advice, tax compliance, accounting, business advisory and financial planning across a broad spectrum of clients and industries. Outstanding long term client relationships underpin the success of the practice. A "career step" opportunity has arisen for a Senior Tax Accountant to join a defined team within the practice. The position of Senior Tax Accountant will report to a Director and has responsibility for direct day-to-day services to a loyal client group along with first-level review of work and assisting junior accountants on technical compliance matters.   Success in this role will be underpinned by; Chartered or CPA qualifications A minimum of five years of experience within a tax and accounting practice Experience with the preparation of financial statements and tax returns for companies, trusts, partnership and sole traders A comprehensive knowledge of the application of Div 7a Client relationship skills A background assisting in tax planning Excellent written and verbal communication skills Expertise in MYOB, Handisoft or APS The depth of relationships with clients continues to present valuable opportunities to the practice and staff.  Become a part of it and spread your wings to an accelerated career path.   Join the fast track. 
 Your new company Operating in every Australian state and overseas this large Chartered Practice has been providing the highest quality service to clients in Adelaide for many years. Renowned as a fantastic place to work for career minded Accountants, you will be joining a market leader. Your new role As a SMSF Accountant you will be aware that superannuation funds are the most effective place to build wealth in Australia. As the Industry grows there will be continuing tighter regulations and legislation which can present new challenges for accountants in this area of expertise. What you'll need to succeed We are seeking an experienced Superannuation Accountant who has been working in this area for several years and enjoys this type of accounting work. You will ideally have completed or started your CA or CPA and be client focused with strong communication skills. What you'll get in return You will be part of a fantastic team in a Firm that is a household name and hugely respected. You will have a career path in the SMSF field where your performance will determine your career growth and development which will be encouraged within the Practice. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Jason Hudson on 82310820 for a confidential discussion. 
 About the business We are a Boutique law firm now looking to offer a position on a part time basis to an experienced Accounts Clerk / Bookkeeper. About the role This is a stand alone role requiring you to manage the firms Trust and General accounting, bookkeeping and financial functions, payroll, debt collection and you should have a sound working knowledge of GST principles. Benefits and perks Flexible working hours. Skills and experience It is ideal if you have prior or current legal accounts experience and it is also preferable if you have experience with Leap but this is not essential. Applicants must be able to work well under pressure in a team environment and should have their own transport.   Remuneration will be discussed with the successful applicant. 
 Our client, a global industry leader, is looking to recruit a permanent part-time Payroll Officer for an immediate start. To be successful in this role, you will have: Experience with ERP systems Sage Micropay Experience with RiteQ Time and Attendance is preferred Ability to interpret awards Experience in end-to-end weekly payroll processes Ability to liaise with internal and external stakeholders Standard ad hoc duties If this sounds like you, please apply via the 'Apply' link. 
Company This business has operations across ANZ and is a leader in its field. A wholly-owned subsidiary of a US multinational, it has undergone significant change and is very well positioned for continued success in both the short and the medium term. This position will play a pivotal role in the company's ongoing growth and development. The business has an ethos of building strong relationships and delivering long term "value add" services to its customers. Position Leading a finance team of c.25 across the region, your key role will be to partner with the CEO and the wider business. This will include positioning the organisation for future growth; understanding the key drivers for performance; ensuring that the finance strategy, procedures and systems are aligned with meeting business objectives. The ability to drive transformation and change in an engaging and collaborative way will be critical to your success in this role. Profile You will be technically strong (CA/CPA qualified) with the leadership and communication skills to influence and drive commercial and operational outcomes. You will be a seasoned performer with a track record of success. You will be able to demonstrate strong business advisory and commercial partnering skills together with the ability to lead strategic change for a significant entity. Benefits Executive package which will include a car allowance and excellent bonus potential is being offered for this highly visible role. Opportunity for significant succession plan opportunities for this crucial hire. You will have autonomy as well as support to drive change. For someone who enjoys partnering the operations in a business this is a fantastic opportunity. Apply To find out more please call Andrew Pownall on +612 9262 4836 or apply at www.moirgroup.com.au. To be alerted when we advertise a new job please set up a "job alert" by visiting us at our website www.moirgroup.com.au 
nan
 Join a well known Chinese Property Developer. Your new company A successful Chinese Property Developer are are seeking a Financial Accountant to join their finance team on a 8 month maternity cover contract. Your new role The Financial Accountant will be responsible for the processing, compilation and analysis of monthly results. This includes, but is not limited to: Preparation of annual accounts for all entities Month end and quarter end financial reporting Budgeting & forecasting Monthly Invoicing Compliance with tax and statutory requirements What you'll need to succeed You will be CA/CPA qualified/part qualified: Ideally have come from a property development background Ability to analyse and prepare financial information Ability to report and present financial data that is clear, concise and easily understood at all levels in the organisation What you'll get in return An immediate start with a successful property developer in an all round accounting role. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' or forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to bryn.morgan@hays.com.au or call Bryn Morgan on 96049633. 
 Once in a lifetime opportunity to come work for one the most esteemed financial service companies in the world with a long-standing history of providing high quality service to its international clientele. Client Details Once in a lifetime opportunity to work for one of the most prestigious financial services company worldwide. Its esteemed legacy is built on integrity, trust and providing utmost quality services to its world-wide clientele. For its local business in Australia, we are looking for a new Head of Finance and Operations manager to join the Sydney office and lead the finance and support services. Description - Full responsibility of all business finance and administrative operations - Leading, coaching and teaching an established finance and administration team - Establish team and individual KPIs aligned to organisational goals - Identify immediate and long term business needs and communicate action plan to management - Develop and present budgets, forecasts and business plans as well as perform and evaluate variance analysis - Act as key point of contact for internal and external stakeholders including banks, auditor, and tax advisors - Ensure Accounting and company standards are met and business standard and processes are compliant - Full responsibility of board and management committee reporting - Closely liaise with headquarter office Profile - Degree in business, commerce or economics - CA or CPA qualified - Strong understanding of financial markets, risk management and operations within the financial services industry - Knowledge of legal documents and contracts with previous exposure to compliance and legal activities - Ability to manage across business units and establish relationships with internal and external stakeholders - strong business partnering skills - Strong accounting experience within the financial services industry - Excellent communication skills to support the promotion of a shared vision - Confident, resilient and trustworthy Job Offer - Opportunity to work for one of the most reputable financial service company in the world - Attractive salary package with a bonus scheme To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Melissa Ehrler on +61 2 8292 2124. 
 World leader, premium products, strong growth focus Global company with dynamic & friendly culture Employer of Choice with work life balance Lindt is a world leading manufacturer of premium quality chocolate and our exclusive products enjoy an excellent reputation and awareness. In Australia, we continue to grow market share and have become the market leader in dark chocolate and boxed chocolates. This is an exciting time to join Lindt Australia as we have invested in new infrastructure and plan for further growth over the next few years. At the heart of our expansion is our new state of the art facility at Marsden Park which incorporates our head office, manufacturing operations, factory outlet store and 3PL distribution centre. The Position Reporting to the Head of Commercial Finance, this is an excellent opportunity to business partner with the sales and marketing team and focus on our wholesale operations. Your role as Commercial Analyst “ Sales and Marketing will really enable you to get close to the business, understand the numbers and their impact on profitability and be a crucial resource for senior stakeholders. You will act as a partner by providing proactive, high quality business and decision support. This includes the provision, interpretation, and analysis of timely, accurate and concise financial and business information in order to influence decisions. In this fast paced role at our Marsden Park precinct, you will provide financial information and advice required to support business decisions, sales and/or cost related within the Wholesale division and customer retail channels. This will include supporting the annual strategic plan, budget process, and April and August revisions to financial estimates. A key focus of your ole will be to support our promotional strategy in providing models and calculation to reflect profitability impact of promotional related decisions, including challenging and supporting the business in improving promotional efficiency across customers and product groups. The Person Solid Controlling / Finance experience within a FMCG company Knowledge and insights about customers and needs in confectionary FMCG industry and/or Retail Working knowledge of SAP systems / BW Systems MS Excel “ Advanced A high level of interpersonal skills and ability to engage, communicate and influence internal and external stakeholders at all operational levels. Ability to apply advanced problem-solving techniques Experience in promotional management systems / tools. (PROMAX, DEMANTRA, ACUMEN, etc) Degree Qualified in Finance related subject Team player and motivated to work independently. Employer of Choice 2017 Lindt is an energising place to work full of passionate people. We place great importance on being an employer of choice and offer excellent career opportunities including internal transfers, ongoing training and development, a competitive salary and bonus, staff car parking, company events, recognition programs, 50% staff discounts, half day Fridays in Dec/Jan and a day off on your birthday! You'll also work in an environment where people with commitment, drive, initiative and entrepreneurial spirit work as a team to reach outstanding results. 
Westpac Group is made up of some of Australia's most recognised financial services brands, including Westpac, St George, Bank of Melbourne, BankSA, BT Financial Group and RAMS. When you join us at Westpac Group you'll become part of one team striving to reach our vision to be one of the world's great service companies, helping our customers, communities and people to prosper and grow.   Due to internal mobility, an opportunity now exists for a Senior Financial Accountant to join BT Financial Groups Tax & Accounting Services Team in Adelaide. The team is responsible for client account and tax reporting, fund accounting and financial controls, client data integrity, tax and statutory reporting.   Your role will be responsible for a range of tasks. You will lead various year end and quarter end statement processes in the Client Reporting team. Initially, this will include leading the SuperWrap Year End process which incorporates the delivery of Annual Statements and Tax Statements for Accumulation & Pension phase clients as well as working with the team on Quarter End statements for Investment Wrap and SuperWrap clients.   Your role will also be heavily involved in our extensive data quality program which ensures that our clients' data is completed within BTFG's GS007 risk framework. You may also provide some leadership and coaching of other team members and reviewing and signing off work performed by them.    To be successful in this role you will possess  strong analytical and decision making skills, a high customer service orientation and embrace our 'One Team' philosophy. It is essential you are degree qualified in accounting with CA/CPA qualifications or nearing completion. In addition, you will have a minimum 5 years industry experience, preferably within an audit or business services environment with some exposure to Superannuation or Financial Services. In addition to this your experience in implementation of project changes and continuous improvement will be highly regarded.   If you have demonstrated working knowledge of investment related tax or accounting activities, then we want to hear from you.   Westpac Group is an equal opportunity employer. As part of our commitment to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace, this role is open to experienced candidates seeking a discussion around workplace flexibility. 
 Young Firm with a ˜Go-Getter' Culture. Loyalty Shown to Staff; They Only Hire at Junior Level. Be Well Positioned to Grow with the firm and Progress to Senior Accountant.     This sizeable firm in young, with a go-getter culture. By coming on board as an Insolvency Intermediate level you'll be well placed to develop with the firm; with no time constraints being placed on progression opportunities. The reason is three-fold:     1. The culture of the firm is very encouraging. They are proud of their loyalty towards existing staff members, which have all developed with the firm, so tend to only hire at this Junior level. They always look to promote from within before looking to the outside for new employees; giving you a clear path to Senior Accountant.   2. Your continued success will be encouraged through full CA / CPA support; including a mentor from within the firm, study days and financial reimbursements. With other employees completing their CA / CPA you'll also find support in your peer group.   3. The Partner believes in giving staff as much autonomy as possible over files and rewards when he sees initiative and professional development. As you demonstrate your ability, the Partner will increase your level of responsibility.     Your Role:   You'll be involved in a broad range of corporate appointments; Voluntary Administration, Liquidation and Deed of Company Arrangement appointments as well as a small amount of Personal Insolvency engagements.     Seeking 1+ year of experience. Salary ranging from $55,000 to $73,000.     _____________________________     Accounting Recruitment is often perceived as quite transactional, roles move quickly, and recruiters come and go. I have personally recruited in the Accounting sector for over 15 years and understand the importance of being in it for the long haul. Please feel free to call me and discuss what it is that you're looking for. It might take a week, month or even longer but I can help you find that ideal next step.   Aaron Matrljan “ Partner ALRA | Australia's Leading Recruitment Agency M: 0405 100 650 P: 1300 002 572 E: aaron@alra.com.au L: https://www.linkedin.com/in/aaron-matrljan 
   Paid Accounting Work Experience Leading to Permanent Job   We are running our Vacation Program in the Fraser Coast!  We are looking for the next generation of talented people, who will ultimately be the future of Ulton. We are looking for the cream of the crop, with an ability to multi-skill and who can go beyond the number crunching, to provide strategic insights into business planning and decision-making to help drive our clients business success.  So, are you ready to take the next step and kick start a rewarding professional services career?  The opportunities available: Undergo two (2) to four (4) weeks paid work experience at our Fraser Coast office located in Hervey Bay, in June 2018. Obtain a permanent Traineeship (work full-time and study part-time) at our Fraser Coast office in Hervey Bay, commencing in July 2018.   Eligibility Criteria You must be actively studying a Bachelor of Business/Accounting or a similar degree.  Alternatively, you may have recently graduated. You must be available to undergo paid work experience in June 2018 (we are offering between two (2) to four (4) weeks). You must be interested in commencing a permanent full-time Traineeship in July 2018.   Your applications must contain: Cover letter Resume Academic Transcript  Applications will be accepted via Seek as well as our website on http://www.ulton.net/vacation-program    Applications close Sunday 13 May 2018.   For more information about Ulton and about our Vacation Program, visit http://www.ulton.net/vacation-program    
 A highly strategic & analytical opportunity with a top-tier firm based in Melbourne CBD. Your new company A highly regarded top-tier firm based in Melbourne CBD are searching for an experienced Finance Leader to join their thriving team. This is an excellent opportunity to join a successful global firm who have an excellent reputation. Your new role The Finance Leader is the primary financial counsel and business advisor to the Service Line Leader and Service Line Operations Director. In addition to maintaining an efficient and effective Finance support function, the Finance Leader plays an active role in managing relationships with the key stakeholders, particularly Geography Service Line Leaders and Sub-Service Line Leaders and partners, National Finance teams and peers from other Service Lines. Responsibilities include, but is not limited to: Provide strategic and timely financial advice, leadership and recommendations on financial issues affecting the line of business. Assist the Oceania service line leadership team on endeavors that require financial due diligence and modelling process Lead the financial planning, budgeting and forecasting processes Monitor, track and report financial results against budgets, goals and historical performance, and identify opportunities to improve results Direct and lead finance team (Management Accountants and Financial Management Associates) to ensure effective and efficient support function What you'll need to succeed Bachelor Degree in Finance Membership of either Chartered Accountants or the Institute of Chartered Practicing Accountants Atleast 8 years experience in finance related roles At least 4 years experience in a management role Previous experience in a professional services environment Excellent communication skills Strong analytical skills and experience in proactive strategic analyses and financial modelling What you'll get in return You will have the opportunity to work in a dynamic, fast paced environment. Work in a modern office with a collaborative culture, in an excellent CBD location. You will be rewarded with a highly competitive remuneration package and an environment where you can be develop and advance your career. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' or forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to bryn.morgan@hays.com.au or call Bryn Morgan on 96049633 now. 
 Permanent position Commerce role with an ASX top 200 company Opportunity to work for a successful company with outstanding industry reputation Monadelphous is a leading engineering and construction business with multiple locations globally, ongoing work, a strong company reputation and a dedication to safety and its people. Our variety, scope and extensive experience, combined with a highly skilled, versatile team who partner with our customers, is key to delivering competitive value-add projects. Our people are our biggest asset in it all, which is why we continuously seek, develop and retain high calibre talent. Our Corporate Tax Team is currently seeking a Senior Expat Tax Advisor to join us at our Head Office in Victoria Park. Reporting to the Corporate Tax Manager, this key role involves providing strategic tax advice and guidance to senior management and the business, as well as responsibility for tax compliance and reporting processes. Key responsibilities: Management of day to day tax compliance and advisory services for expat employees. Work closely with the Global Mobility, HR and Payroll teams to ensure tax compliance deliverables are technically accurate and prepared to a high standard on a timely basis. Coordination and review of shadow payroll processes for overseas locations. Review of existing processes and policies to look for automation opportunities and continuous improvement in tax compliance and reporting activities. Research of employer and employee tax implications of working in new locations where the Company is looking to pursue future work. Provide advice and review potential assignee costs estimates for new projects and/or new locations. Reconciliation of hypothetical tax calculations and preparation of Australian tax calculations for Foreign Employment Payment Summaries, tax equalisation, foreign tax credits etc. Assisting the Tax Team with other employment tax related compliance and advice. What you can bring to the role: Tertiary and CA/CPA qualification; Ability to influence stakeholders Relevant experience in a Big 4 accounting firm or a similar role in commerce; Strong interpersonal, collaborative, leadership and communications skills; and Strong technical and legislative knowledge; Sound computer literacy; Excellent problem-solving skills. In this role, you'll experience a range of diverse and interesting projects on a national and international level. Every day will bring new and exciting challenges and the opportunity to be part of the bigger picture. Our culture, supported by our core values of safety and well-being, integrity, achievement, teamwork and loyalty, is represented in our people and is a significant aspect of our competitive advantage. As an equal opportunity employer, we encourage and promote diversity and inclusion, and welcome applications from all backgrounds. If this role suits you and you have the required skills and attributes, please apply now. For more information visit www.monadelphous.com.au/careers 
 Department of Transport and Main Roads / Cairns (negotiable) Temporary full time until June 2020 with a possibilty of an extension Salary in the range of $60,281 to $67,216 per annum excluding superannuation.   RoadTek Structures Management Services have a temporary vacancy for a Project Costing Officer.  The location of this role is Negotiable across Qld at any RoadTek location.   Highly Desirable requirements: Valid Queensland 'C' class driver's licence or equivalent. A reasonable amount of travel consistent with industry standards will be required throughout the State.   Accountabilities include: Undertake financial and timesheet transactions in relation to daily costing, revenue claims in projects and work orders using various department packages including AMMS, Promaster and SAP for financial transaction reconciliation.  Monitor the financial position of projects and work orders and ensure only correct charges are being debited to projects or work orders and provide early warnings to management of any deviations beyond predetermined limits. Undertake 'End of Month' and 'on request' financial reporting to enable accurate project or work order tracking and to indicate the overall financial position of various projects.  Prepare financial documentation in liaison with relevant line managers to facilitate procurement and ensure correct recording of financial transactions. Undertake monthly claims process in collation of statewide contracts for Structures Maintenance Performance Contract and ensure appropriate reconciliation of financial systems. Requisition and monitor the supply of goods and services to ensure workflows are uninterrupted.  Investigate and resolve routine supplier complaints and feedback.  Monitor Inventory purchases and apportionment of costs and assist with stocktaking as required.   Please refer to the Role Description for further details regarding this vacancy, capability requirements and how to apply.   For further information about this position and details on how to apply, please visit the Queensland Government Smart Jobs and Careers website www.smartjobs.qld.gov.au.   Job Ad Reference: QLD/274093/18.   Closing Date: Tuesday, 1 May 2018 
About the role  Working of a large international and well respected media company, this is the ideal role for a driven individual with strong financial accounting background looking to lead the finance functions of a vastly growing business. You will liaise closely with key senior stakeholders and executives to establish effective and efficient financial controls and mechanisms. Your responsibilities Reporting to the Group Finance Manager, your responsibilities will include (but are not limited to): Taking charge of the business finance functions Act as the main point of contact for the business and the Group Finance Manager Preparation and review of monthly financial duties  Monthly budget analysis and commentary Liaise with non-financial stakeholders and external teams in managing financial operations of the business Adequately review and manage job cost and WIP reports  Maintain accounts payable/receivable and invoice processing Ad-hoc duties The successful applicant will have CA/CPA qualified or working towards Big 4 background  Minimum 5 years experience in a similar industry Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills Driven to meet deadlines and achieve results Entrepreneurial personality and resilient in nature  Additional benefits Vibrant and collaborative team culture Opportunity to become part of a multinational and well renowned organisation Genuine career progression and development Internal recognition programs $100,000-$110,000 salary package About the client Boasting a reputable brand name our client is a market leader in the Media industry. Operating globally they are looking for an ambitious Financial Accountant to join their team. How to apply  To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Tia on 0452594122 or nmahajan@sharpandcarter.com.au 
 About the business CPA firm in Adelaide CBD established 26 years providing taxation and business services. Staff comprise principal, administrative Asst and executive secretary. The position has become available as a result of existing CPA manager moving on.  About the role This accountant will be working closely with the principal completing corporate client tasks to client delivery stage and over time have more direct interaction with business clients. the firm also has a busy tax season July through October and this accountant will be conducting many client interviews preparing individual income tax returns in two separate office locations Adelaide and related office at Woodville. Benefits and perks the office offers a relaxed professional environment, flexible working arrangements out of taxation season, encouragement and assistance to continue professional development and the opportunity to become a business owner once you have proved you have the professional competence and the business nous and skills. Skills and experience at least five years practical experience professional accounting practice CPA/CA qualification or near qualification preparation of financial statements and taxation returns including knowledge of division 7 loan agreements,dividend franking accounts, fringe benefits tax , small business CGT concessions amongst other topics ability to communicate with ATO by phone and by tax agent portal happy and friendly demeanour             
 Your new company A highly impressive privately owned, Australian owned infrastructure business. Currently at the $250m turnover mark, the business has impressive growth plans over the next 5 years. Partnering with some of the worlds iconic brands, this is a great company to be associated with. Your new role As Finance Manager you will take ownership of the day to day running of the core finance team of 8. Cashflow will be a major focus of the role, alongside financial reporting, compliance, tax, and the audit process. You will have the AP and AR Managers and 3 Financial Accountants reporting directly into you. What you'll need to succeed In order to succeed you will need to be chartered trained and have a real focus on process improvement. You will also need to be keen to develop yourself and have a desire to take on more responsibilities in the future. Top or mid-tier experience will be highly regarded and exposure to privately owned businesses are 1st and 2nd movers are encouraged to apply. What you'll get in return In return you will receive a generous salary package within a supportive management structure. You will work within a highly commercial environment and further development opportunities will be available. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to Ryan Hartman at ryan.hartman@hays.com.au, or call us now on 9744 3344. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 UHY Haines Norton has an opening for a Business Services Senior Accountant with a minimum of 4 years in Business Services experience to manage a broad range of clients. As this is a senior position, ideally you would have managed your own client portfolio previously and have experience in providing mentoring junior staff. Our team: UHY Haines Norton is a Sydney based firm with International and National affiliations that will allow you to work with an interesting client base that ranges from listed companies to large and medium private entities across a wide variety of industries. About the role: As a Business Services Senior Accountant you will work directly with clients and partners of the firm to provide business management and advisory services. The successful candidate will gain valuable experience in dealing with all aspects of business services work.  Duties of this role include but are not limited to: Provision of taxation and business services including preparation and review of financial statements, tax returns and activity statements; Provision of business and tax advice including value added services as required; Identify, research and resolve issues associated with client work; Liaise with clients in a confident and professional manner; and Review work and supervise, mentor and delegate work to more junior staff. Qualifications and Experience: Minimum 4 years' experience in an Australian Chartered or CPA firm; A Bachelor Degree in Commerce or equivalent; Be studying towards or have completed your CA or CPA; Have excellent communication, written and problem solving skills; Strong commitment to quality service and client relationships; Be a highly motivated self-starter; and Be eager to learn, grow and further their career. The successful applicant will be technically proficient across a number of different industries and will have a proven record of providing excellent client service as well as being able to work well within a friendly and successful professional team environment. Salary levels will be commensurate with experience, education and the ability to display exceptional communication skills. If you are interested in applying for this career-promising opportunity, please forward CV with cover letter to careers@uhyhn.com.au or via the online Seek application. Only candidates with resumes reflecting the above attributes will be short listed and contacted for interviews. 
 The Company Our client is an established multinational household business who are rapidly expanding their Australian business. A privately owned business, their fantastic growth has been thanks to their excellent products and exemplary customer service they provide. Known for a supportive and hardworking internal company culture, our client offers a great work environment, excellent training and supportive management. They are based in Mascot with onsite and street parking available.   The Role As part of a small team, you will enjoy a hands-on, pivotal role within the organisation. You will be responsible for: Full function Accounts Payable Reconciliation of stock and supplier accounts Credit card expenses including reconciliation and coding Assisting with month end reconciliations Ad hoc duties as required   Your Background To be considered for this Accounts Payable role, you should have the following skills and attributes: At least 2 years' experience of high volume full function AP Previous exposure to accounting practices and procedures Excellent written and verbal communication skills Be able to start the job with less than two weeks' notice   If you are keen to find out more about this AP Officer position, please contact Sol Lehrer at Richard Lloyd on 02 8324 2012, quoting reference 4070 or click on 'apply now' below. Please submit your CV in Word format and note that due to the high volume of responses we receive only suitable candidates will be contacted. 
Your new company: At My Pathway we believe everyone has the right to work and should be provided an opportunity to achieve ethical economic independence; we are committed to developing people, connecting them to opportunities and supporting them to grow. As a family owned business, the My Pathway group employ 1300 staff across 41 locations within the Northern Territory, Queensland, Tasmania and Victoria. Our company is committed to diversity, inclusion and gender equality. We are determined to achieve our Reconciliation Action Plan goals and are proud to be recognised by WGEA as an Employer of Choice for Gender Equality. Your new role: As the Payroll Manager you will be responsible for the end to end payroll and reconciliation process for weekly and fortnightly cycles across several companies, using multiple payroll platforms including Micropay. Working in a fast paced and innovative environment, you will report directly to the Chief Financial Officer and work closely with Managers, Human Resources and key Finance personnel on a daily basis. You will also be responsible for managing and mentoring the Assistant Payroll Coordinator along with playing an active role in payroll project-based work and process improvement. Your responsibilities will also include:  Demonstrated experience managing payrolls, reporting and system maintenance  Highly developed problem solving, research, analytical skills and the ability to develop practical and forward-thinking solutions.  High level of technical understanding on payroll and HR System integration and workflow methodology  Excellent attention to detail to ensure that payroll is processed correctly and on time and a demonstrated understanding of the relevant regulatory requirements.  High level Excel skills  Demonstrated ability to manage priorities and work to deadlines.  Demonstrated ability to ensure confidentiality and integrity of personal and intellectual information at all times.  Excellent written and verbal communication, negotiation and consultation to successfully liaise with internal entities.  Ability to be a natural forward planner who critically assesses own performance.  Current driver's licence  In addition, you must be able to undergo and obtain a suitable Police clearance and working with children/vulnerable people card To apply for this career opportunity please select the Apply button and follow the prompts. Applications will be accepted up until close of business, Monday 30 April 2018. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander persons are encouraged to apply. 
 Location: Parramatta CBD (walking distance from train station) Salary: $30ph - $32ph + Super Role Benefit: Join this brand name organisation and be a valued member of a high-performing team. Extremely convenient location! The Job As the Accounts Payable/Receivable Officer, you will be reporting to the AR Supervisor and will be responsible for supporting the Accounts Payable and Receivable functions of the business. Your key responsibility will be the daily processing of invoices coupled with assisting the Accounts Receivable team in chasing and collecting aged debt as required. You will also have the opportunity to be involved in various administrative tasks and Bank Reconciliations when required. This role is ideal for an experienced Accounts Payable/Receivable Officer looking for a diverse role for a 3 - 6 month temporary assignment. Candidate Profile You are an experienced Accounts Payable/Receivable Officer who thrives on a challenge and enjoys a fast paced working environment. You have excellent problem solving and negotiating skills and a keen eye for detail. You are level headed and have the ability to remain calm under pressure. You will have previous Accounts Payable/Receivable experience, excellent communication skills and a good sense of humour. Ideally you will have experience with manual systems and will be available for an immediate start. The Company This Australian market leader is a major player in its field. This organisation employs thousands in Australia and globally and has quickly become a prominent leader in the Australian market within its specialised sector. As a result huge expansion plans, a position has become available for an AR/AP Officer to join their vibrant finance team. Apply If this sounds like you, please send your resume by clicking the apply link below addressing Clare Williams quoting reference number CWAPAR4016 in the subject line. Please allow for 3 - 5 working days for us to process all the applications. All applicants will receive feedback from us, either via email or a telephone call. 
 We require an experienced intermediate Tax/Business Services Accountant to join our friendly eam. We are located in a brand new office in Alexandria with hi-tech, modern facilities. To be considered for this unique role, you will need to have: A minimum of three years Australian Tax/Business Services experience A solid accounting background A passion for numbers An eye for detail Good written and verbal communication skills Ability to work on a number of tasks simultaneously Ability to develop professional relationships with key contacts in the organization Strong planning and organising skills Ability to work autonomously as well as in a team environment A sense of humour Previous experience using HandiSoft, MYOB & Xero would be highly regarded. This role is a full time position and salary will be negotiated for the successful candidate based on skills and experience.   Please Note: Only successful candidates will be contacted 
 Marshall McAdam are seeking suitably qualified working holiday visa candidates with experience in operational finance for a variety of short term contracts based in Melbourne CBD. We work with top tier clients across a number of industries and have regular opportunities in the following areas: Accountant Assistant Accountant Finance Officer Accounts Payable Accounts Receivable Payroll Credit Control Collections Due to the short term nature of these roles, you MUST have at least 12 months experience in one of the above positions. In addition, experience using a large ERP will be considered advantageous. You will be an excellent communicator, be able to hit the ground running and enjoy working in fast paced environments. These are great opportunities that will allow you to gain valuable experience in dynamic organisations whilst living in Melbourne. Send us your resume by clicking the Apply Now button below. 
 Mars Recruitment are currently recruiting for an Audit Manager on behalf of a Mid-Tier firm based in the inner city metro area.  This firm can offer an excellent remuneration package and an excellent work/life balance.  Role: As an Audit Manager you will be responsible for developing and managing key relationships with the clients throughout the audit process. As well as this you will be responsible for managing the audit teams during multiple audit engagements, ensuring the process is handled and managed correctly by your subordinates. You will also be responsible for developing the client portfolio and growing a string team.  Requirements: Held at least a Management role within audit CA/CPA qualified Excellent interpersonal skills and business development minded Experience managing large teams How to apply: If you are interested in applying for this role then please follow the link, or send an up to date copy of your CV to alex.mcgregor@marsrecruitment.com.au   
 This pioneering firm is currently in an exciting period of growth and is looking for a Financial Accountant to join their team and lead the month end process. Reporting into the CFO, this is an exciting opportunity for a Senior Financial Accountant to drive the transactional processes, whilst also managing the month end. The role requires a technically strong and proactive Financial Accountant to support the corporate functions with a mindset for continuous improvement. Key Responsibilities: Drive the month end process Financial and statutory accounts preparation Balance sheet reconciliation Process improvement across the division Provide business partnering support across key stakeholders Requirements: 2 - 3 years experience in working in a retail environment CA / CPA Qualified or in final stages Advanced excel Strong proactive personality who is able to work autonomously Located on Sydney's Northern Beaches, this is an exciting opportunity to join a growing business where you will have the chance to take ownership of various functions and grow with the company. To apply please click apply or call Ashley McDonald on 02 8423 1009 for a confidential discussion. 
Reporting to an excellent Payroll Manager (one of my favorites!) this role sits with a small, very close-knit team within a high profile organization. As an existing team member has been afforded the opportunity to take a 10 month secondment to a significant project, we are looking to backfill her position with a highly capable and motivated Payroll Officer Working alongside one other Payroll Officer and a Payroll Administrator, you will play a key role in delivering the end-to-end payroll process for approximately 600 staff.  Key duties will include: End to end processing of a fortnightly company payroll Updating and maintaining payroll records for employees Liaising with staff and management on payroll related queries Maintaining annual leave, sick leave and overtime reports. Interpreting awards/agreements and contracts in relation to overtime and shift  allowances etc. Payroll reporting Calculation and processing of termination payments. Calculating annual leave and LSL provisions/accruals. Interested candidates should be able to clearly demonstrate a strong background in end-to-end payroll processing on a major system. This is not an opportunity to learn payroll and requires someone with experience.  Aside from practical experience, skill and personality will win you this opportunity. You will impress as intelligent, resourceful and able to show initiative. Your natural people skills will be utilised in dealing with people at all levels across the business as well as the external auditors. Systems:  Candidates with Aurion experience would be preferred however we are open to any large and well recognized payroll system. Please use the APPLY NOW function on the page to express your interest or for a confidential discussion contact Liam Hassell on (02) 8270 9722.       To apply for this role please follow the apply now button or for a confidential discussion please contact me on the number below 
  Professional, small team environment  Cloud based bookkeeping practice using Xero and MYOB  Initially for 2 - 3 days per week (could become full-time) About the Employer Our client offers bookkeeping to the wider Adelaide business community. They have particularly strong relationships with many small to medium businesses and are a specialist BAS Agency. They provide solutions to business financial needs and offer a complete range of bookkeeping services with a personalised service.  About the Role Our client is seeking an experienced Bookkeeper to provide professional services to a wide range of clients. The hours are family friendly with flexibility to suit the right candidate.  To be successful in this role, you will be passionate about delivering exceptional service to clients. You must have a Certificate 4 in Bookkeeping/Accounting or equivalent. You will also need previous bookkeeping experience and a proven track record of performance in a similar role.  You will be expected to hit the ground running and available for an immediate start. Key responsibilities will include:  Processing paperwork  Debtors and creditors  Using Receipt Bank  Reconciling accounts  Processing payroll and super reports  Recognising discrepancies and inconsistencies and solving them  Review and preparation of BAS Reports and Payment Summaries  Client interaction  Management of multiple client's data files  Visiting clients' premises (travel to 20km) To be successful for this role you must have the following:  Advanced XERO & MYOB skills  Experience with multiple clients  MYOB EXO an advantage  Exceptional Word, Excel & Outlook skills  Excellent written and verbal communication  Ability to follow detailed procedures  Strong time management  Ability to work autonomously  Ability to meet deadlines  Attention to detail  Strong work ethic This opportunity will see you being part of a friendly team of bookkeepers providing the best possible customer service to their clients. If you can hit the ground running, provide outstanding service, can maintain and grow client portfolios, this could be an excellent opportunity for you. Please forward your cover letter and resume in WORD format. Please note only candidates that meet our client's selection criteria will be contacted. DDBK02 
 Catering Industries, an industry leading contract catering, cleaning, laundry and facilities management solutions company is seeking a full time accounts officer  in their Chatswood office.   The main role will be accounts preparation and collation of information from off-site locations. Previous experience within a similar role preferred. The successful candidate will receive training in our office procedures. This is a full time role.   Preferred attributes: Experience with Microsoft Office suite is essential. Excellent written and oral communication skills Ability to prioritise with attention to detail. Be a team player willing to assist in all areas of the administration department. Responsibilities: Preparation of monthlyinvoicing to a variety of clients. Ensure all site information  is correct and complete Liaise with site and area managers to ensure correct billing Ad-hoc administration duties as required. Some data entry   Australian Residents Only please  If you feel you meet the above criteria: - Confidential applications can be made to nwc@cateringindustries.com.au    
 An established financial services company is looking for a strict Financial Accountant to help with their month end and year end reporting. This position is a backfill after a new restructure within the finance team. Responsibilities: Month end closing; accruals, prepayments, posting journals, bank recs, reports Produce financial, statistical and regulatory reports - APRA and RBA as assigned Assist in half-year and year-end statutory accounts GL reconciliations Assist with audit requirements Other ad-hoc duties and process improvement projects Profile: CPA/CA Qualified Relevant university degree or equivalent tertiary qualification 2+ years in a similar role Advanced Excel skills TM1 experience ideal Experience with APRA/Regulatory reporting ideal Previous experience preparing financial statements for year-end reporting packs Financial Service industry preferred Excellent written and verbal communication skills Consultant: Jaclyn Lehrer IMPORTANT: By submitting your email address and any other personal information when you APPLY to a job, you consent to such information being collected, held, used and disclosed in accordance with our COLLECTIONS NOTICE and PRIVACY POLICY. http://www.bluefinresources.com.au/privacy-policy 
 Adams Triglone Chartered Accountants are a dynamic team of Accountants and Wealth Advisors. The firm has achieved spectacular growth recently which has led to the creation of two new roles. We require a well presented and enthusiastic person to join our close knit team. Our technology base includes the hottest new cloud accounting applications, specifically designed for us to add value to our clients. We are continually striving to revolutionise the financial performance of our clients and helping them to do the same with their clients. We love our clients and cannot get enough of them! We strive to be the trusted advisor for every client we retain. Our clients are delighted with us. The role involves a broad range of taxation and accounting services including: Preparation of Company, Trust, Partnerships, SMSF and Individual income tax returns Financial reporting Bank reconciliations, reporting and general accounting duties Working with standard checklists and workpapers for a diverse range of clients BAS Reporting PAYG, Payroll Tax & FBT Managing the workflow for designated client base Supporting the team to achieve business objectives Participating in ongoing training and development programs Using up to date technology including Cloud Accounting Paperless office We proactively think about our clients and offer solutions and advice tailored to their individual circumstances.  We treat our clients' business with the love and respect we do for our own. About our office Our office is in Norwest Business Park in North Western Sydney. We are approximately 30 Minutes by car to the CBD and most other business locations. We are close to shops. Our office has been designed specifically for what we do. There is an open plan work area and a meeting room for staff and clients. We have gone to great lengths to build a fun, social and supportive environment which promotes a professional learning and development. The successful candidate will be a high achiever who demonstrates a strong work ethic and willingness to learn. Must have relevant tertiary qualifications from an Australian University, CA/CPA qualified or studying and have a minimum of 1-2 years experience in an Accounting firm. www.adamstriglone.com.au 
 Intermediate “ Business Advisory Services Full Time Brisbane CBD William Buck is a progressive and rapidly growing chartered accounting firm with offices located throughout Australia and New Zealand.  The Business Advisory team is a diverse and dynamic business unit which works closely with medium to large clients. We are seeking an enthusiastic individual with 1-3 years accounting experience to join us. Reporting to the Director and Manager, you will gain valuable experience working on a variety of different clients across various industries. The Role Having previously worked in a similar role, you will possess the ability to manage a busy workload together with a strong client service focus. Your responsibilities will include, but not be limited to: Preparation of BAS & IAS returns Preparation of financial statements for Companies, Trusts, Partnerships and associated entities Preparations of tax returns Tax planning Skills, Experience and Requirements The successful candidate must have: Attention to detail Excellent communication skills “ both within your team and with clients Responsibility, integrity and a professional outlook A team focused attitude with a confident and friendly personality Minimum 1 years experience in a professional services firm Xero, MYOB and APS knowledge desirable. Degree qualification in Accounting, Business or Commerce Studying towards CA qualification As our newest team member William Buck offers you: Excellent training and resources A genuine work-life balance An opportunity to progress your career with a stable and supportive firm A competitive salary  If this sounds like you, please apply now with a covering letter and your resume to HRAdmin.qld@williambuck.com 
About the role  Working for a multi billion dollar plus organisation, you will be responsible for business partnering and FP&A at a group level and providing financial analysis and advice to leadership teams.     The responsibilities Reporting to the Head of FP&A, you will be responsible for providing key financial performance analysis to divisional and corporate functions. Other duties include (but not limited to): Reporting, business planning, budgeting & forecasting Prepare financial models to support strategic planning activities  Monthly & quarterly management reporting  Variance analysis Trend analysis across divisions Support and develop Oracle reporting  Business performance reporting BI and big data reporting Business plans Ad hoc projects The successful applicant will have You will be a CA/ CPA qualified accounting professional with a proven track record in an analytical role within a large corporate. You will have advanced financial modelling and data analysis skills with a sound business intelligence background. Big 4 experience is highly desirable.     Additional benefits Career progression Training & development Excellent mentorship from senior management Bonus component About the client Our client is a top global corporate with ambition growth plans. They deliver unrivaled service to their customers and are an Employer of Choice.    How to apply To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Patrick Ryan on 0401 205 364 or pryan@sharpandcarter.com.au. 
 We are a leading, global provider of software solutions, within the financial services industry, and we are currently in an exciting period of growth. We are looking for a skilled Senior Payroll Officer or Payroll Manager to join our collaborative team for an initial period of 6-12 months while we ascertain our payroll needs. You will be responsible for managing end-to-end monthly payroll for approximately 400 employees across Australia, New Zealand and Hong Kong. Working within a friendly, diverse and collaborative culture who prides itself on quality and excellence, you will manage the payroll and HR system (Chris21) across the full employee lifecycle. Reporting to the Asia Pacific Finance Director, and working closely with HR, responsibilities will include, but are not limited to; Processing of the monthly APAC payroll Handling new starter and termination activities within the system Managing leave for APAC employees Maintaining and updating employee data in Chris21 Handling employee payroll queries and requests such as novated leasing, superannuation, purchasing leave and devices Preparing adhoc reports as required Preparing monthly reconciliations including payroll, superannuation, IRD returns and leave liability Preparing payroll tax and workers compensation submissions EOFY processing for both Australia and New Zealand Acting as the superuser for Chris21, including providing support to other regions Plenty of opportunity to be involved in various system projects which could include system enhancements and process improvements. What you'll need Minimum of 5 years experience in a stand-alone payroll position Experience managing end-to-end payroll within Chris21 An understanding of implications changes can have on other linked systems such as EPM A high attention to detail and strong numeracy skills Ability to build relationships and communicate effectively across all levels of the business Ability to manage data migration tasks for the payroll and HR systems. Strong written communication skills and experience in creation of policies & procedures Ability to work to deadlines and prioritise workload To Apply If you'd like to jump at this opportunity, please apply online today. Please note, we don't always work to fixed closing dates and will start reviewing applications as they are received.  
The Company Market leading, multi-national conglomerate is looking to recruit a Treasury specialist to support the CFO / Senior Finance Head in all areas of treasury, policy and strategy. The company is renowend for service excellence, and has grown from strength to strength in many areas.    The Role Working in this Australian head office, you will support the CFO in all areas of treasury, cash flow forecasting, foreign exchange and hedging. You will support the CFO in all areas of finance, being the 'go-to' expert for all areas around money market dealing, international banking, corporate finance and market analysis. Ideally, you will have a good knowledge around IFRS standards, loans, JV accounting and transactional banking systems. This role has a wide diversity of challenges, having a flat corporate structure and variety of challenges, and requires the person to be able to think about the bigger picture and be adaptable in nature.  You will engage across the business, being able to support a variety of different business outcomes, but still have that financial / treasury expertise.    The Candidate You will have strong treasury / cash flow management expertise, gained within an International business, have strong networking skills, and able to build relations with both finance and non-finance staff. You will be looking for a new challenge, and able to combine a variety of tasks in your current role. Should you require further information, please call David McLaren or Ben Wheeler on 0401¦show number       To apply for this role please follow the apply now button or for a confidential discussion please contact me on the number below 
 A senior accountant job has become available in a leading CBD firm offering a salary of $80K-$95K. Your new company This Melbourne CBD based firm is seeking an experienced senior accountant who is looking to add value to the firm with their high level of advisory skills and ability to make a difference. Your excellent technical knowledge will allow you to build on the existing client base and allow you to easily address client issues. Your new role The role will include duties such as however not limit to: Liaising with clients Preparation of income tax returns Fringe benefits tax returns Tax advice Tax planning Preparation of financial statements Ensuring financial records are in order Liaising with the ATO What you'll need to succeed In this role you will be expected to have at least 5-6 years' experience working in a Australian Accounting Practice in a Business Services and Tax capacity. You will have strong communication skills and advanced computer literacy with proficiency in tax software. You will be CA/CPA qualified or working towards completion with a will to learn and progress your career further. What you'll get in return In return you will receive competitive remuneration, ongoing training for development and the opportunity to be part of a successful and highly motivated team who value their employees. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' or forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to tonio.baresic@hays.com.au, or call Tonio Baresic on 0396049666. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact me for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 To be successful in this role you will be able to work to strict deadlines and enjoy contributing to a fun, professional working environment. You will take ownership of this role and be passionate about teamwork and creating a pleasant corporate culture - our team enjoys coming to work every day. Someone who is self-motivated, determined and has confidence in their abilities. If you have a clear vision of where you want to take your career, we will be there to support you every step of the way. The successful applicant will hold the relevant University degree in Accounting and possess excellent written and verbal communication skills, for this is a client facing role. The position involves onsite audits, for that reason the capacity to travel is essential. We seek someone with a minimum of 5 years' experience in similar role and ideally having experience with private company, not for profit, charity, local government and association audits. You will need to be CPA/CA qualified and have a working knowledge in the application of Corporations Act, Australian Accounting and Auditing Standards, and other applicable legislation. The successful applicant will be responsible for a portfolio of clients and be a mentor to junior staff. Our Firm: Byfields is a firm that will inspire you by example, challenge your mind, excite your passion and feed your determination every day. A firm that will nurture your talent, reward your enthusiasm and arm you with the tools to succeed. So if you are looking for such a firm, one that prides itself on encouraging its staff to be the best that they can be, then consider us. Byfields is the largest WA based CPA firm with 12 Directors and over 75 staff. We operate through seven offices, head office is located in Belmont, with rural bases in Northam, Merredin, Narrogin, Wagin, York and Beverley. Our staff enjoy: Paid professional memberships Study assistance Free parking close proximity to the office Discounted Health Fund membership Social club activities Financial advice for staff Combined office functions Subsidised uniform If you believe you have the necessary skills and drive to fulfill this role, please apply via seek or forward your covering letter together with your resume to recruitment@byfields.com.au  www.byfields.com.au Please ensure all applications are in PDF format. Applications other than PDF format may not be accepted. All applicants will be required to provide identification and proof of working rights in Australia. Only those shortlisted will be contacted. Byfields is an Equal Opportunity Employer.   
 Fantastic opportunity to step up into Manager role for an ambitious Senior Accountant About the Company A fantastic opportunity has arisen for a Business Services Manager within a wonderful boutique Canberra firm. The role would be well suited to a Senior Accountant looking to progress to manager level. This is a progressive firm with great opportunities in training and development. About the Role - Manage a team of accountants - Responsible for workflow - Key contact for client liaison - Compliance, advisory and consulting work The Person -CA/CPA Qualified -5 years accounting experience within public practice -Experience mentoring junior staff -Excellent communication skills -Passionate about developing client relationships Apply Now If you'd like to find out more about this role or other similar roles that might be of interest to you, please call Jane on 0738¦show number or email jtaylor@¦show email for a confidential chat about the market. 
The Organisation Our client is a diversified Australian services company who are rapidly growing and expanding. The need has arisen for an experienced Payroll Officer with PayGlobal experience to join their team on an ongoing contract with the view of going permanent.     Position Description  Reporting directly into the Payroll Manager, your duties will include End to End Payroll processing for over 1000 staff PAYG, Payroll Tax, Workcover and Superannuation payments Processing new starters, terminations and payroll adjustments Providing accurate information in response to employee queries Process all medical and rehabilitation invoices relating to injury management claims Ensure high standards of OHS are applied throughout organisation Assisting the payroll manager when required Candidate Profile The successful applicant will have proven experience in a similar Payroll Officer role. You will have excellent time management skills and attention to detail. You will be a quick learner and be able to hit the ground running. Prior knowledge of Workers Compensation is mandatory, along with exceptional communication skills to deal with a range of internal and external stakeholders. 
 At BHP we support our people to grow, learn, develop their skills and reach their potential. With a global portfolio of operations, we offer a diverse and inclusive environment with extraordinary career opportunities.  Our strategy is to focus on creating a safe work environment where our employees feel strongly connected to our values and objectives, and where the capability of our people is key to our success. Come and be a part of this success. Reporting to the Head of Strategy and Planning, Finance Analysis and Improvement, you will be a key member of an upcoming finance project.  This will help BHP's functions work toward a common goal of achieving world class functional excellence and better support our assets. Working with the Head of Strategy and Planning, Finance Analysis and Improvement, you will optimise the Finance function to help it better support our assets.   Your responsibilities will include: Co-ordinate sourcing of data from Finance function via interviews, workshops and written requests. Support the identification and framing of opportunities across initiatives, analyse data to generate insights, develop new hypotheses for opportunities and assist with opportunity identification workshops with stakeholders and customers. Support the valuation and prioritisation of opportunities via financial baseline reviews, pressure testing opportunities with stakeholders and working on recommendations for executive consideration. Prepare business cases and presentations for decision makers. Support the development of implementation roadmaps for identified opportunities. Some travel may be required in this role. You will bring to the role the following skills and experience: Solid experience in finance, commercial or accounting. Strong interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to influence a range of stakeholders within a complex and ambiguous environment. Ability to work collaboratively with globally dispersed senior stakeholders. Self-starting, strategic thinker with the capacity to synthesise a broad range of inputs in forming a prioritised functional strategy. Experience in working in cross-functional teams, leading/engaging and creating an environment of trust and collaboration amongst different teams. Degree level qualification in business or commerce, plus a relevant post graduate qualification  Project management or continuous improvement accreditation highly regarded. Strong skills in SAP essential Previous experience working closely with or at site of Oil & Gas or Mining operations in a finance support role highly desirable At BHP, we recognise that we are strengthened by diversity. We are committed to providing a work environment in which everyone is included, treated fairly and with respect. We are an Equal Opportunity employer and we encourage applications from women and Indigenous people. We know there are many aspects of our employees' lives that are important, and work is only one of these, so we offer benefits to enable your work to fit with your life.  These benefits include flexible working options, a generous paid parental leave policy, other extended leave entitlements and parent rooms.  
 About us Visit Victoria is Victoria's primary tourism, business and major events company that focusses on curating and communicating the depth and diversity of Victoria's inspiring experiences to intrastate, interstate and international visitors, organisations and associations. Visit Victoria's prime objective is to build Victoria into Australia's number one tourism destination by delivering strong and sustainable growth across the sector. The business operates in a collaborative and agile environment that informs, connects and partners with industry and the Victorian State Government to amplify Victoria's brand in domestic and international markets. For further details on Visit Victoria, please visit our website: corporate.visitvictoria.com.au   Our values: We win as one; We are brave; We are authentic; Promises made, Promises kept; We are results driven   About the role: Reporting to the Finance Manager lead, mentor and manage the Financial and Shared Services Team (accounts payable, accounts receivable, payroll and financial services) who is responsible in providing financial and shared services to Visit Victoria and Melbourne Convention Bureau.  Provide a high level of support to the Finance Manager with preparation of corporate financial reporting and ensuring Visit Victoria and MCB compliance with Accounting Standards and legislation.  Manage VV and MCB tax compliance including GST FBT, PAYG, payroll tax and withholding tax across all tax jurisdictions. About you: Demonstrated experience in leading, mentoring, developing and assisting a small team of staff in a Financial and Shared Services environment. Demonstrated experience in financial reporting, accounting operations and systems. Proven ability to prepare reports for a range of stakeholders. Demonstrated experience in the application of accounting policies, and a sound knowledge of financial legislation and accounting standards. Demonstrated experience in interpretation and application of tax legislation. Proven written and verbal communication skills including a proven ability to manage staff and to liaise and negotiate with all levels of management and staff. A proven understanding of financial systems. Demonstrated experience in working with auditors and/or a governance framework. Proven ability to make day to day decisions in reference to the operations of the Shared Services Team.   Additional Information: Application Close: 27 April 2018 Tenure: Ongoing Employment: Full Time   Next steps If you are as passionate about destination marketing as we are, then apply now! Please click on Apply to submit your covering letter and resume.   PLEASE NOTE: only short listed candidates will receive email correspondence. Visit Victoria will not accept candidate submissions by unsolicited third parties. 
 Location: Parramatta CBD (3 - 6 month assignment) Salary: Competitive hourly rate of $30ph + Super Benefit: This is an exciting opportunity to add value to a tight-knit finance team during a period of growth. Work close to home in this super convenient location! Role Overview Reporting to the Transactional Team Leader, this Finance Officer is considered an all rounder as you will be responsible for ensuring the timely and accurate processing of invoices across Australia as well as assisting with the Account Receivables aspect within the organisation. A full rounded finance operations role, your duties will include overseeing the purchase order system, performing all aspects of the centralised Accounts Payable function that is inclusive of invoice processing, credit card processing, payment runs and will also get involved with Accounts Receivables where you will look to follow on overdue accounts. This is an excellent opportunity for a Finance Officer to deliver on the tactical elements of the business and recieve world-class training and development. The Job Full function accounts payable Manually process 150 invoices per day including matching, batching & coding Process employee expenses monthly Assisting with month end closing Reconciling of general ledger accounts Track expenses and process expense reports Reconciliation of supplier statements to invoice Daily bank reconciliation Reconciling expenses, i.e. credit cards, staff expenses, etc. Liaising with internal and external stakeholders Providing exceptional customer service Candidate Profile You are an energetic and have had some accounts payable experience. You have a passion for adding value to an organisation. Your verbal and written communication skills are one of your strengths and you have an aptitude for high-volume processing and work well within a team. The Company This billion-dollar company is a market leader in consumer goods and is one of the most reputable names in its sector. This organisation employs thousands of people across Australia. Due to organic growth, an opportunity has arisen for an enthusiastic and experienced Finance Officer to join their high-performing finance team. Apply If this sounds like you, please send your resume by clicking the apply link below quoting reference number CWFO3927 in the subject line. Please allow for 3 - 5 working days for us to process all the applications. All applicants will receive feedback from us, either via email or a telephone call. 
 As one of Australia's largest services businesses, we have a strong, inclusive culture that values our people and provides clear direction in our professional activities and our personal behaviours.  We pride ourselves on safely delivering a high level of services for our clients. Ventia provides a comprehensive range of operational maintenance, design and construction, remediation, and asset and facilities management services to clients and customers across the resources, telecommunications, transport, energy, water, health and industrial sectors. Join our team, servicing our clients across Australia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea and New Caledonia in an exciting company that is structured for growth. Our respected brands include Visionstream, Chargepoint, Imatis and Delron Group.  About the role We have a fantastic opportunity for an experienced, self motivated and highly customer focused accounts payable officer to join our Yarra Valley Water team.  Reporting to the Finance Manager, you will be responsible for delivering a high level of customer support to suppliers and clients as ensuring the timely and accurate payment of approved transactions.   Duties will include but not limited to; Raising and receipting of PO's as required Generate and administer purchase orders as required Collation and distribution of creditor's invoices Reconcile creditors accounts Handling of creditor's enquiries and provide various creditors ledger reports ensuring creditor's payments are processed within stipulated trading terms Prepare, process and provide supporting documentation for various month end journals Handling queries from internal stakeholders About You To be considered for this role, you will have; At least 2 year's Accounts Payable and general clerical experience Experience in the use of excel and JDE software. Customer Service focus Problem-solving and analytical skills  Organised approach to work, ability to prioritize and meet deadlines Demonstrated ability to work effectively either as an individual or member of a team and relate effectively with staff on all levels Ability to communicate, both orally and in writing, in a clear and concise manner Ability to quickly learn new information, processes and procedures Good numeracy skills Attention to detail and accuracy Demonstrated ability to meet deadlines, determine priorities and organise work to meet objectives What Ventia can offer Apply today to join an organisation that delivers innovative, safety-focussed and performance driven solutions that can provide genuine opportunities for growth and development of your career. For further information regarding this position please contact Shield Miranda, shield.miranda@ventia.com.au N.B. We respectfully request no agency approaches 
 Chance for equity, varied client base, report directly to the partner.Great client base Your new company This modern and forward thinking accounting firm, located in East Melbourne, is currently looking for a motivated business services senior accountant who is wanting to take the next step in their career. The firm is well established, innovative, and focused on truly helping their clients build better businesses. Your new role This role is an excellent opportunity for a motivated senior accountant, looking to take on client contact and develop their technical skill set further. You will be exposed to a portfolio of high net worth clients and you will have the opportunity to bring variation into your daily tasks. You will have the chance to work with experienced managers and directors, who will mentor you into the career path you are looking to take. What you'll need to succeed You will ideally be CA/CPA qualified or working towards completion At least 5 years' experience working in an Australian chartered accounting firm Preparation of financial statements, income tax returns, BAS and other related documents Attending client meetings with directors and managers Effectively complete company and client assignments What you'll get in return In return you will receive a competitive remuneration package, ongoing training and development from senior leaders in the company and the opportunity to take the next step in your career What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Gary France on 96049691. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 National professional services firm Career development opportunities Friendly and supportive environment About Us RSM is the 6th largest network of independent audit, tax and consulting firms, encompassing over 120 countries, 800 offices and more than 43,000 people internationally. We have 30 offices throughout Australia and offer personalised services with in-depth expertise and resources in the accountancy, business consulting and risk management areas.    The Opportunity   Our Melbourne Assurance and Advisory - Probity division is seeking an enthusiastic individual with an interest in procurement / compliance to join their busy team, specialising in the delivery of probity services.  As part of the Probity team, you will work closely with government client teams to ensure adherence to the highest standards of ethics and probity on all client engagements.    The role provides exposure to a broad range of clients and projects, from standard procurements to large asset divestments. In addition successful applicants, will get the opportunity to work in different jurisdictions from time to time.   Key responsibilities of the role include:  Assisting the probity team to review government transaction and tender processes and related documentation; Assisting the probity team to develop and/or review of Probity Plans for projects; Assisting in reviewing confidentiality and conflict of interest undertaking declarations to ensure that all declared relationships have appropriate management plans in place; Assisting with the preparation of probity advice for clients; Conducting probity audits and reviews of procurement transactions; Assisting in preparation of probity reports at key milestones and completion of the projects; Assisting the team to manage client databases, to ensure appropriate records are maintained; Manage, refine and update probity methodology and templates; Assist the team to prepare tenders for probity work; Assist senior team members to prepare client billings; and Attend client meetings and workshops.   The Successful Applicant   To be considered for this role you must be able to demonstrate the following: Tertiary qualifications in a relevant field; Minimum 2-3 experience in risk management, likely presenting as experience in procurement / compliance / project analyst or possibly in contract management; Strong verbal and written communication skills, including excellent report writing skills; Strong attention to detail; Ability to work autonomously and as part of a team; Add value by providing first class and timely service in response to client demands; Assist in the management of a client portfolio; Demonstrable skills in time management, analytical and problem solving skills; and Experience in working with or delivering services to clients in the Public Service would be beneficial.   What's on Offer   This is a great opportunity to broaden your procurement / compliance and risk advisory services exposure, while working within a fast paced, supportive team environment.   RSM provides our employees with the opportunity to connect for success through our culture, employee benefits and an environment that supports work life balance. On offer is a competitive opportunity for personal and professional development and a friendly and supportive environment.   If you're ready for your next career challenge then apply today for this great opportunity. 
My client is a prominent player in the Melbourne market with a major focus on apartments. From procurement of land to design, marketing, construction and project delivery, they offer a one stop shop for their developments! About the Role: Full management of all aspects of accounts including: Reviewing and ensuring accurate receipting and logging of supplier/contractor invoices, before distribution for approval Coding of supplier invoices Data entry of creditor invoices once approved Processing employee reimbursements Processing of all supplier & sub-contractor payments Recording & reconciling direct debits Reconciling creditor statements Managing creditors account queries Management of petty cash Credit card reconciliation Compile and maintain creditors excel spreadsheet General administrative/reception duties as required Provide support where required to Finance Department All aspects of reporting including: Assist in the planning of the annual budget & forecasts where necessary Prepare various financial information for the monthly report Monthly reconciliation of balance sheet accounts Ensuring that payments / deposit issues are resolved promptly Assist in the resolution of any debtor issues Account coding & approval of general supplier invoices Assist GM with refining and implementing effective financial practices Your Experience: Bachelors Degree in Accounting (or similar) Enrolment in the CPA program with the view to complete alongside work Experience in construction industry preferred Strong experience using Xero accounting system Demonstrable ability and experience in handling multiple tasks including supplier inquiries Your Winning Personality: Strong communication skills Strong organisation skills Strong proven leadership skills Microsoft Office and Windows intermediate level a minimum Self starter/ highly motivated Data entry speed and accuracy What Next? Please apply now with your cover letter and resume if this role sounds like the perfect fit for you! 
 Professional Search Group are currently engaged with a fantastic not-for-profit client as they seek a Payroll and Fleet Officer. Reporting to the Payroll Manager and Fleet Manager, the role is a diverse role that is split 50/50. One half being the Payroll side, assisting the process of   the fortnightly payroll of 700+ employees . The other half being the Motor Vehicle side, assisting the fleet team of around 400 cars from scheduling to compliance and also insurance claims.   Responsibilities will include but not be restricted to: Setting up new starters Calculating and processing termination payments Processing increments/changes of hours/timesheets Processing PPL , ensuring accuracy of payments and reimbursements from Centrelink Processing petrol and tolls deductions/kilometre reimbursements Attending to payroll queries Understanding pay scales and fringe benefit calculations Developing knowledge of Enterprise agreement and relevant awards Checking payroll entries by other staff Compliance with the companies Motor Vehicle Policy Assisting with the Planning and Scheduling of Motor Vehicle replacement and transfers Maintenance of motor vehicle data in excel worksheets and databases as required Assistance with motor vehicle insurance claims   Requirements to be successful in this role: Must have outstanding user knowledge of Excel Outstanding communication skills Minimum 3 years Payroll experience High attention to detail If you meet the requirements then please press APPLY or submit a resume to Sydney@psgaus.com.au 
 Our Melbourne Studio is currently seeking an experienced Accountant to lead the Finance stream, and to work closely with and support the Executive to develop and deliver our studio strategy.   Overseeing the financial performance for the studio we are looking for a true business partner who can work with our executive and project teams to manage performance to budget, cash management, lock-up control of debtors and WIP, accounting for projects, preparation of studio results, and meet local compliance requirements. The ability to provide accurate and timely information will be highly valued along with working with the executive to deliver key business outcomes and identify potential issues. The successful candidate will be able to operate in the detail whist still working strategically to drive outcomes. With a strong accounting or finance background you will have extensive commercial experience within professional services or construction and Engineering. This is an exciting and challenging role for someone who will be an integral part of our global team We believe in dynamic careers where our People's potential is released through opportunities and experiences which are the reward for contribution, initiative and personal accountability.           WOODSBAGOT.COM
 Ability to Increase Own without Being a BD Role. Firm Structure Makes it Easy to Progress to a Partnership Position. Interesting and Complex Client Base. A Xero Top 20 firm.     Ability to Increase Your Salary   You have the ability to build your own income regardless of your level within the firm. HOW?   The Partners believe that if you are able to attract and retain new clients; or leverage existing clients into further fee generation, then you should be rewarded with a decent commission on top of your base salary. Essentially motivated staff are in control of giving themselves generous pay rises, as opposed to waiting for a promotion, and Senior Management encourages you to do so. This is NOT a Business Development role.     You Don't Have to Travel to The City for a Modern Firm & Complex Clients   This firm is modern and progressive and is considered one of the top 20 firms in Australia by Xero. You don't need to travel to the city to have access to great clients. You can work close to home whilst still be involved with complex clients.  These include very HNWI's and their associated businesses & investments and include exposure to Advisory. The office is laid back and offers lifestyle opportunities.        Be Fully Supported in Your Development / Progression   Be fully supported in your technical development through assistance with your CA and regular external training initiatives. The firm's unique structure offers autonomy and ownership over clients. This makes it easy to progress to a Partnership position over time. You'll already have an established client base that has been supported in growth by the current Partners.     18+ months experience in Public Practice Accounting along with CA / CPA.   _____________________________     As we all operate within a tight market, confidentiality is always one of my major concerns. If you have any concerns about the role or would like to know more, feel free to give me a call to discuss. Alternatively, apply with your CV and I will call you to discuss this role and attain your consent to send your CV our client.   Jack Cherry - Accounting & Insolvency Specialist ALRA | Australia's Leading Recruitment Agency M: 0406 990 227 P: 1300 002 572 E: jack@alra.com.au L: www.linkedin.com/in/jack-cherry 
 Project Finance Manager   Flexible work options - work smarter in a way that suits your lifestyle. Voted as Australia?s number one place to work by Linkedin 2018 Make an impact in a firm of opportunity   Join PwC?s Consulting National team team as a Project Finance Manager and deliver against an end-to-end Commercial Approach for PwC Australia?s Consulting engagements.   The Opportunity At PwC, we help Australian businesses, not-for-profits and governments create value and improve the way they work. From improving healthcare, to creating smarter cities and igniting Australia?s start up industry, you?ll build trust in society and solve important problems.     The consulting team bring this to life by providing commercial support during the sales process, transition into delivery, and with contract and financial management throughout delivery. Support is provided primarily to key, complex and large-scale consulting engagements, as well as to additional smaller pieces of work for our Iconic and Priority accounts.   As the Project Finance Manager, you  will support a number of key client engagements, acting as a key advisor at the intersection between financial requirements and consulting delivery, ensuring that all financial matters are addressed efficiently and promptly.  This will include responsibility for tracking and monitoring financial health of the engagement, driving financial and commercial rigour, and providing general financial advice to engagements.   Success does stem from a positive attitude, hard work and going the extra mile, but that?s not all!   You will: Play an advisory role to Partners and key engagement leads to drive financially commercial sound decision-making Drive the operational excellence within the business and facilitate training sessions  drive and improve commercial understanding of junior team members and key engagement staff Responds to complex inquiries regarding engagement financials and revisions; Prepares and disseminate  relevant financial reporting for assigned engagements;  Responsible for informing the project team of the financial requirements of the contract and monitoring compliance, and for consultation and escalation regarding issues not solved satisfactorily by the project team in a timely manner; Provide proactive financial analysis and advice in respect of revenue, cost performance, profitability, key performance metrics and trends on each Project. Manage effective engagement set up in collaboration with Engagement Partner, Engagement Manager, Pricing, Risk & Quality and the administration team, Manage and track all WIP, billing and contingent workforce hours and invoices.   About you The brief is simple... You have a solid background in comprehensive financial management experience and are capable of leading operational excellence through the engagement lifecycle. You?re passionate about telling a story through financial analysis to drive positive change. You thrive in a collaborative and innovative culture and want to join a firm that values problem solvers, the kind of people who reimagine the possible for their clients and key stakeholders.   Your colleagues can vouch that you: Demonstrate a collaborative approach with the ability to influence and advise senior stakeholders in complex financial matters Comprehensive knowledge of financial principles, subcontracting practices, general corporate business practices, and accounting and finance principles Minimum 5 years? experience in a commercial role ideally from within a professional services environment Detailed experience of consulting engagements, including the lifecycle of technology consulting projects; demonstrated financial management of complex deals Knowledgeable, proactive, with a positive attitude, a can-do mentality and ready to be visible on your projects so that colleagues can find you for advice and improvement of processes. Able to demonstrate excellent analytical and mathematical skills; strong accounting and communication skills; advanced excel skills Have a willingness to travel domestically on occasion   Sound like you? Read on.   What we offer Working for Australia?s largest professional services firm you?ll join a global network spanning 157 countries that delivers meaningful outcomes for a wide range of clients.   Our culture and benefits are why we?re LinkedIn?s number one Australian workplace. With state of the art offices and premium technology, each person has access to flexible work options. The dress policy is flexible too ? you choose what you wear based on the work you do with your team and clients.   Fostering an inclusive culture and embracing differences is at the core of everything we do. PwC empowers you to be yourself and work with people from many backgrounds to achieve things never thought possible. Get involved in our employee-led diversity networks (cultural, disability, LGBTI or gender equality) and benefit from our best-in-class policies such as 18 weeks maternity/paternity leave, flexible work and gender equity.     Up for a challenge? We?re committed to helping our people unleash their potential. Hard work doesn?t go unrewarded and industry best coaching, mentoring, training and development are ready and waiting. If you hold a genuine desire to make a difference and want to surround yourself with like-minded, talented and driven individuals who strive to do the same, apply now.   
 About UON We are developing the 'next generation' of higher education professionals that contribute services that go beyond support and enablement for academics; they challenge and inspire all of us. Our professional staff play an integral part in developing and delivering expertise, management, leadership and strategic services that are complex, rewarding and truly cutting edge. Your contribution to making us a world-class institution is recognised and rewarded in many different ways. Competitive salaries, formal awards programs, development opportunities and promotions are just the start. Reporting to the Chief Operating Officer, Financial Services aims to be an enabler of strategy through providing high quality financial services and products that respond to the changing needs of the business and financial governance, and provide tangible and measurable value to the University. Financial Services covers Corporate Finance and Operations, Financial Planning and Business Support, and Strategic Procurement. About the Role The Finance Manager will be responsible for overseeing and coordinating the activities of the Financial Accounting team relating to the University and its controlled entities. This includes implementing accounting policies, practices and procedures to ensure accurate and timely financial statements, cash flow management and investment outcomes. A focus on continuous improvement and staff development are necessary in ensuring performance of this role supports the University in delivering the NeW Futures Strategic Plan 2016-2025 Skills and experience The successful candidate will possess: A degree in accounting/business or equivalent. Postgraduate qualifications including professional membership with CPA, ACCA or CAANZ. Demonstrated leadership capability including the ability to lead/inspire a team of professional staff to deliver exceptional performance/outcomes.  7+ years' management experience in an accounting role with responsibility for technical areas including financial accounting, taxation, compliance and internal controls. Proven ability to prepare, review and deliver monthly reports and complex financial statements to meet tight reporting deadlines. Advanced spreadsheet (eg Microsoft Excel) skills. Intermediate knowledge of Microsoft Office tools including Outlook, PowerPoint, and Sharepoint. Ability to lead and develop a team with a focus on maintaining a positive team culture and promoting innovation. Proven ability as a trusted business adviser delivering strategic support to leaders within a large and complex organisation. Meets financial and non-financial metrics through the innovative application of technical and commercial acumen. It is desirable that the successful candidate also possess the following: Experience with Technology One Financials or a similar large ERP system. Experience working in a listed company, or with a large not-for-profit entity, with responsibility for financial accounting and taxation processes (GST, FBT). Please note: In accordance with the University's Staff Selection Guidelines, your application will be assessed on the selection criteria found by following the instructions below. It is essential that you address each of the criteria to enable the selection committee to properly assess your application and suitability for interview. Salary - HEW 9 - From $110,645 plus a generous employer superannuation contribution of up to 17%.   
 Location: Sydney CBD Salary: $150k + Super (Immediate Start) Role Benefit: Work in an entrepreneurial and dynamic environment during an exciting period of growth and expansion. Be pivotal in this organisations growth story Role Overview Reporting to the Managing Director, this newly created role will see this Commercial Finance Manager initially own the FPA and Decision Support pillars and eventually round out with Financial Control within the next 12 months. Initially the Commercial Finance Manager will work with the Managing Director pull together the budget for the next 3 years that will be inclusive of aggressive expansion plans that will be driven through core business growth and growth through acquisition. The Commercial Finance Manager on a day-to-day basis will partner with the Managing Director and the business through providing Decision Support that will enable the business to focus on driving top line growth. This is truly a commercial role where you will be providing insights, commercial steer and setting of metrics that will drive the front line sales and connecting back into operational delivery. The Job As the Commercial Finance Manager your duties will be: Ownership of the budget and rolling forecast. Reporting on a monthly basis back into the ELT Delivery of Decision Support on core growth drivers, pricing models, commercial models and metrics that will maximise the organsations Enterprise Value Building and managing of an optimal commission scheme for front line sales Financial Modelling on acquisition targets Financial due diligence and post-acquisition integration of acquisition targets. Candidate Profile You are CA/CPA qualified and ideally have worked within the Big 4 who have started out in Audit and have had exposure to due diligence in Corporate Finance. You may also be a candidate who has solid experience as an FPA Manager and looking to converge into a Decision Support role on a full time basis where setting and supporting execution of the business strategy fuels your ambition. As this is a newly created role and a company with ambitious growth plans, this role will suit a candidate who is familiar working with tight deadlines within a fast-paced environment and an entrepreneurial mindset. The Company Market-leader in their field, this Media organisation is a prominent player in its field and is a business that is known to all within its sector. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a growing organisation looking to expand aggressively and looking to bring on a Commercial Finance Manager with a similar hunger for growth. Join a dynamically growing Media organisation - Be a part of the team and growth of the business Be rewarded - $150k + Super (Immediate Start) Grow your career - elevate your career in a high exposure role with a broad commercial remit. Apply If this sounds like you, please send your resume by clicking the apply link below addressing Tony Nguyen CA, quoting reference number TNTCFM4015 in the subject line. Please allow for 3 - 5 working days for us to process all the applications. All applicants will receive feedback from us, either via email or a telephone call. 
 Your new company This large Federal Government Department plays a key role in the running of Australia as a nation. This highly sought after department will provide you with an opportunity to broaden your skills and work in close proximity to highly skilled individuals. Your new role Within this highly sought after Federal Government Department you will receive the opportunity to develop and extend your skill set, you will be required to accurately demonstrate and perform tasks inclusive of, but not limited to the following; Develop, coordinate and deliver Financial Systems training and related training materials including eLearning packages Answer enquires in relation to the TechOne system Development and Management of user dashboards Develop and maintain user documentation and standard operating procedures Maintain and coordinate enhancements to allocated TechnologyOne modules Undertake user acceptance testing as assigned Development of adhoc reports Provision of backup support for the FABS Mylink content Define and document system requirements What you'll need to succeed You are required to demonstrate extensive experience and knowledge in relation to the development and delivery of TechOne system administration. Experience working within a federal Government Department is essential. You are also required to hold a current security clearance (baseline, NV1, NV2) or have the ability to obtain and maintain a clearance. What you'll get in return You will receive a fantastic hourly rate on a 12 month contract with a chance of extension and the opportunity to work in a great location. You will also become part of a supportive and enthusiastic team. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Jess on 02 6257 6344 or email Jess at Jessica.Kiah@hays.com.au If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Broadspectrum is an operations, maintenance and construction services organisation, operating globally in the resources, energy, industrial, infrastructure, rail, property and defence sectors. Through our long-term relationship with the Department of Education and Communities and Public Works, Broadspectrum has been successfully delivering on one of the largest contracts in our Australian division. We provide facilities management and cleaning services to Public Schools, TAFE Colleges and Government Buildings in the Hunter, Central Coast and Western/Northern Sydney regions.  About the role Based in Carrington NSW, reporting directly through to the Roster Scheduler Team Leader, the Roster Scheduler Team is accountable for the co-ordination of rosters and employee wages for one our largest contracts.   Key duties will include: Consolidating all payment data for 2500 wages employees prior to submission to the Corporate Payroll Team Analysis of rosters and timesheets and reporting on discrepancies Effectively manage incoming employee payroll queries, payment errors, complaints in a timely manner Solving payroll and roster problems. Providing excellent customer service to all internal and external stakeholders and maintaining effective workplace relationships.   Skills & Experience The ability to work in a fast paced, high volume data environment An analytical approach to problem solving High level of attention to detail when dealing with high volume data Advanced computer skills (experience using SAP is ideal but not essential) The ability to communicate effectively and build relationships with employee's Excellent time management skills and be deadline driven   Benefits Broadspectrum offers the opportunity to work in a diverse global environment with a culture of safety and integrity Work within a flexible work environment Join a fun and friendly team of professionals Great opportunities and job security   To be considered for this positon you must have strong data entry skills, high attention to detail and excellent customer service skills. Please submit a cover letter no greater than 2 pages with your resume.    If you would like to enjoy the greater opportunities and rewards of a business as diverse as its people, please click on the apply button below.   We acknowledge the importance of our people's diverse experiences, talents and cultures that they bring to work with them each day. Embracing Diversity and Creating Inclusion is a key component of our Talent Management Strategy. The creation of a Diverse and Inclusive workforce is central to our ability to unlock potential and enhance our success, creating a high-performance business. Position Reference Number: 96291  
 A four month contract for a tax accountant with experience within the funds industry Your new company This is one of Australia's largest independent fund administrators with operations around the world. This is an exciting opportunity for a Tax Accountant to work for an ASX-listed fund administrator and join a dynamic team within a growing business. Your new role This is a varied role in which your primary responsibilities will include: Year-end tax reporting Preparations of tax calculations and tax distributions for funds External audit preparation Liaison with internal and external stakeholders What you'll need to succeed You will be CA or CPA and tertiary qualified in accounting or similar Previous tax experience within the funds industry Strong planning and financial reporting experience Knowledge of finance systems and processes What you'll get in return You'll be offered a four month contract and will be paid a daily rate of $45 -$50 an hour. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' or contact Verity Ramsay for a confidential discussion on your career on verity.ramsay@hays.com.au 
 Our client is seeking a Data Scientist with a strong academic background and impressive commercial experience in advanced data analytics to join a team of top tier talent focused on driving forward the growth of data driven business decision making. The Data Scientist will be part of a growing data analytics function with global reach and exciting and diverse projects that will be pivotal in harnessing advanced analytics capability for this truly dynamic organisation. This is an opportunity to work with some of the strongest talent in the Australian data analytics market in order to help shape the development of this rapidly growing team. You will be responsible for: Addressing diverse and complex business problems with innovative data science and modelling techniques (machine learning; decision trees, neural networks, random forest gradient boosting etc) Building strong relationships with stakeholders and the wider global teams Applying text mining in order to highlight trends and correlations Data mining and cleansing of unstructured and structured data Building predictive models from scratch in R, Python, SQL Presentation of insights to support and drive strategic decision making In order to be considered for this role you must already have gained relevant experience in a role that is responsible for building predictive models from scratch in a commercial environment. Candidates need to be able to demonstrate what business impact and change that their analytical and modelling skills have had. Essential criteria is as follows: Bachelor/Masters/PhD in a relevant discipline; ideally Mathematics/Stats/Data Science/Econometrics/Engineering A minimum of 3 years relevant experience in a commercial environment working with large data sets Candidates with a background in consulting are highly desirable Advanced technical skills in R are essential; additional languages highly advantageous Demonstrated predictive modelling experience, and ability to discuss how many models you have built, from scratch, for what business purpose and what techniques were applied Very strong communication skills - candidates must be articulate and have experience dealing with internal or external clients on a regular basis Naturally curious, problem solving Drive and ambition; there is huge opportunity within this role Please apply on line or for more information, please contact Marie Thow at Bluefin Resources on 02 9270 2640 IMPORTANT: By submitting your email address and any other personal information when you APPLY to a job, you consent to such information being collected, held, used and disclosed in accordance with our COLLECTIONS NOTICE and PRIVACY POLICY. http://www.bluefinresources.com.au/privacy-policy 
 What Will You Learn?   That's up to you. The thing about privately-owned businesses with high-growth targets is there exists growing pains in every corner and behind every box, complex problems in the most straight-forward of deals and demands from the most creative sales & marketing reps.  They need a sounding board, a thinker, an intuitive accountant with a commercial appreciation of business opportunity. You'll be given the green light to go looking for problems to fix and be encouraged to find your own solutions in collaboration with your stakeholders.  A couple of things to get you started and learning the business; 1.) A fully functional budget with a 3-way cash flow forecasting model will be first on your list. You'll have business input and CFO guidance on this. 2.) Partner with Sales & Marketing to develop promotions & rebates insights to aid future promotional activity. You'll be busy learning not just the business but more complex accounting concepts from a consulting CFO with over 30 years in manufacturing industry. There will be some mundane transactional elements to the role and a few headaches around the less sexy stuff too.  As a Minimum... ...we'd like to see a qualified accountant with manufacturing / production experience who demonstrates their problem solving abilities on both a technical and commercial business level. Tell us how you have helped Operational and Sales stakeholders make financially beneficial decisions. Tell us how you have built bespoke financial models and budgets to aid critical strategic decisions. You'll likely be in a position where you have built a strong technical reputation and have already proven yourself in a demanding business. But you want the kind of challenge that demands your natural curiosity be encouraged with the reward of achievement and professional growth in return. Call Paul Swanwick of Lothbrok Consulting for a confidential conversation on +61 411 531 514. 
Whats on offer An opportunity that will offer more challenges and responsibility that can take your career to the next level. We are seeking someone who has a well established background in Credit that is ready to take ownership of the end to end function for the business. You will manage your own ledger of accounts and being the main point of contact for customers. You will conduct daily reconciliations of the bank statements. You will ensure outstanding payments are collected in timely manner. You will develop relationships with their key customers and be a 'leading face' for the company. What our client is looking for Ability to run an end to end process in Credit. Intermediate skills in Excel. Ability to be a strong team player. Have a positive 'can do' attitude. What you can expect in return A management team that provides adequate training and development Celebratory lunches and morning tea's A strong pathway for career progression Attractive remuneration and additional benefits Who are they? Our client is a market leader within the Agriculture industry. Their reputation in the market has allowed them to grow their business internationally and expand across Australia. This business has strong family values and is seeking someone that will fit well within their team culture.  How to Apply To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Tiarne Bennett on 03 9616 2604, quoting Ref No TBAR1604. 
 Salary: salary up to $220k + Super + Bonus Location: Western Suburbs Role: key leadership role driving the group's commercial investment decisions across capital and acquisition transactions Role Overview Reporting to the Group Controller, this Capital & Acquisitions Manager takes hands on ownership for driving the group's capital investment decisions, including commercial business acquisitions, capital investment opportunities, capital returns, as well as shaping the group's investment hurdle requirements. The Capital & Acquisitions Manager has primary day-to-day responsibility for shaping the business' commercial decision making around the allocation of capital and will also have significant involvement in a range of ad hoc projects to support the group's growth agenda. Working closely with both corporate and business unit leadership teams, you will shape the assessment of ROI around the allocation of capital and guide best practice across the group. The key success factor will be your ability to think outside the box and the strength of communication in shaping key business decisions. Responsibilities Lead group's M&A activity in a hands on capacity working closely with in-house teams through due diligence processes, risk analysis and alignment with broader strategies Oversight of the group's capital investment requests, including assessment of business cases and alignment with group strategic priorities and budgets Manage the group's delegation of authority and capital allocation policies, ensuring stakeholder alignment Support the assessment of group structural arrangements, dividend and broader capital funding considerations Proactively engage the business units across the group to act as trusted commercial partner in supporting business unit acquisition and capital investment decisions Egnage a broad range of stakeholders across the group in shaping best practice capital decisions, including risk, tax, FP&A, corporate and the Board Contribute to ad hoc projects Lead a small team as a passionate leader, actively supporting the growth and wellbeing of your people Candidate Profile You are an agile finance professional with deep experience in capital and acqiuisition decision making. Ideally with a background in chartered, you bring hands on, commerciald thinking in supporting a business to grow. A natural problem solver, you approach each situation with an open mind and bring curiosity in helping create value. You may be currently in a transactional services role in the chartered environment or already in commercial helping shape the right investment of capital. Culture & Benefits The organisation is a well known corporate with a strong acquisition agenda to support its growth strategy. This is not a transactional execution role, but a broader commercial partnering role where you can truelly add value and support the strategic growth of the business. Broad commercial focus - exposure across a range of business transactions and capital investment business cases Influence growth - be a key driver in shaping the group's growth pathway Be rewarded - salary up to $220k + Super + Bonus Step change your career - future corporate or divisional leadership opportunities for the right candidate Apply If this sounds like you, please send your resume by clicking the apply link below addressing Tom Nisevic quoting reference number TNCAM3990 in the subject line. 
 The Company My client is a Big 4 bank and one of the largest financial institutions in Australia. They are committed to attracting and retaining the highest quality talent and strive to create a culture where teams and individuals are rewarded for excellence. They have a diverse workforce, are committed to offering flexible work hours and offer numerous opportunities for professional growth. The Role As a Senior Product Controller, you will be responsible for the production of the weekly P&L, month end reporting, and the preparation of annual and half yearly reporting. This is a visible, senior role where you will engage with all levels of management. Your key responsibilities will include: Responsibility for the control environment supporting the business including the integrity of the balance sheet and profit and loss. Implementing and driving change initiatives. Business partnering across multiple business units. Responsibility for the reporting on debt and derivative financial instruments. Analysis of daily P&L including reporting and analysis on volatility Ensuring that the structure of P&L reporting and general ledger accounting reflects new products or other changes to the business. Building and maintaining strong professional relationships with key stake holders including front office, management, middle office and other product control teams. The Candidate Successful candidates will have: A minimum of 7-10 years Product Control experience. A good understanding of Treasury and hedge accounting processes. A CA or CPA qualification. An ambitious, motivated and committed attitude. To be considered for the role, please apply ASAP and I will provide feedback on your application soon. Julian Soames Senior Consultant - Banking and Financial Services 
   More than just Accounts Payable -  Dealer Processing Permanent Position Excellent Dealership Well known and respected automotive dealership currently looking for an  Accounts Payable Officer who would like to do more than just accounts to join their team and be given the opportunity to work across the dealership assisting with dealer processing.  The role will see you assisting the team with ; Processing weekly payment runs Daily reconciliations of creditor statements Liaise with relevant Stakeholders and Suppliers Assist with month end reporting Be given the opportunity to do Dealer Processing You Will have significant experience within Accounts payable as well as; High levels of Attention to Detail and Speed Be highly motivated Penanta/Era highly desirable  Be a Team Player The ambition to want to know more about the dealership. An attractive remuneration package will be discussed subject to your level of experience. 
 About the business At Hume Forests, we strive to be the pre-imminent forest manager in New South Wales through sustainable forest management. Our mission is to grow investment value through silvicultural and marketing excellence, valuing safety, innovation, fun and respect. About the role An exciting opportunity has become available for a Finance Manager to join the Hume Forests team. This is a temporary, fixed term maternity leave cover position as part of a dedicated and professional Senior Management team. Reporting to the General Manager, located in Tumut NSW, this position will be key in assisting the business in setting goals in line with its strategic direction and driving the implementation of core systems for the business. Responsibilities of the role include: Forecasting and Budgeting Project Management Systems Support Statutory Reporting Financial Year End and Audit Support Commercial Support   Skills and experience To be successful in this role, you will have:   Education and Experience Bachelor of Commerce Degree or equivalent CA/CPA Experience within a Chartered Accounting firm or commercial accounting team Experience with Project Management   Key skills and abilities Strong practical knowledge of accounting principles. Uses problem solving skills and objectivity to analyse alternatives and process non-standard accounting problems. Clearly and effectively expresses ideas, thoughts and concepts verbally and in written form. Translates accounting concepts and terms used in finance to ensure audience clearly understands the message. Strong spreadsheet and database skills and experience with integrated business software to explore configuration, linkages and processing options. Understands system processes and outputs and can commutate results across the business.   Personal Attributes Results-driven with exemplary planning & organisation skills and attention to detail Ability to meet deadlines Proven experience in liaising with stakeholders Seek completeness and accuracy around information, tasks and processes Flexible team player who thrives in fast-moving environments and can effectively prioritise multiple tasks 
 Exceptional Opportunity “ Growth Business Based Northern Beaches $75 - $85K+ This leading fashion chain pride themselves on working together, inspiring creativity and offering great fashion to their customers around Australia & NZ.  Their dynamic, diverse culture celebrates passion, commitment and integrity.  They have a unique legacy and culture, they attract innovative, dynamic and creative people who have been responsible for the outstanding growth they have celebrated. Working closely with the CFO and the operations of the business you will be responsible for assisting with all aspects of financial reporting including monthly management accounts and annual reporting.  You will also assist with the budging process and quarterly forecasting.  You will also have the opportunity to develop your leadership skills by mentoring a developing a couple of junior accountants who are responsible for accounts payable / receivable and all aspects of the general ledger.  Working closely with the business  in time you will assist and develop internal controls and frameworks that will impact and drive the long term strategy. This is a developmental opportunity perfect for a newly qualified CA / CPA or someone studying towards professional qualifications.  You must have fluent communication skills, be able to build effective working relationships outside of finance and take ownership for driving personal development and growth opportunities.    This is a growing business with plenty of scope to develop.  To find out more please forward your resume to resumes@aequalisconsulting.com.au   
 Australian success story “ ASX listed high growth business ERP implementation project 12 month contract with opportunity to become permanent Our client is at the forefront of a high growth professional services sector. Having achieved a full ASX listing, the new leadership team have more than doubled the size of the business through acquisition and organic growth. They are now looking to further capitalise upon their impressive specialised capability and expertise. To support this growth, a new role has been created to provide financial and commercial business support to the ERP implementation team. The project is described as "the implementation of an Integrated Financials and Human Resources solution (ERP) to recast how  work, compete and create value through our business processes and digital technology enablers, to simplify our business, make it more agile and accelerate growth." Key performance objectives include:- Complete analysis and documentation as required to support future financial processes definition/testing/data conversion/training materials development & delivery/deployment activities; Interaction with business personnel to understand current processes and help them appreciate future changes; Responsible for execution of approach set by the Project Manager including financial analysis; Develop service briefs for handover and support of completed solution. Key competencies include:- CPA or CA qualified with Bachelor degree majoring in Accounting At least 5 years' experience working in a commercial or chartered business ideally with exposure to professional services ERP Implementation experience ASX reporting experience preferred, but not essential High level of IT literacy and familiarity with BI report writing Highly developed Excel skills Previous experience in continuous improvement and automation of financial processes Skilled in consulting with user groups and helping introduce change Strong desire to achieve while maintaining a level-headed approach Experienced in working in a Project milestone based environment Proactive problem-solver willing to take a hands on approach. If you are interested, please apply immediately to victoria.garvey@qconsultinggroup.com.au with a brief letter outlining your suitability for the role which is based in Sydney's CBD.   
 Full time, permanent Accounts Assistant job close to Sydney CBD for a fashion retail company. Your new company This is a fantastic opportunity to work with one of Australia's growing fashion brands. Having been around for nearly 10 years they have established a strong network of partners and their brand can be found in Australia's largest department stores as well as internationally. Offering exclusive fabrics, their prints are unique in the market at a high quality. Your new role As a small finance team of two you will be supporting the Financial Controller with all aspects of accounts payable, accounts receivable (65%) and payroll. The role will see you responsible for the following; Customer invoicing/raising statements Daily bank reconciliations Reporting on and chasing any overdue debt Entering, coding and processing supplier invoices Setting up payment runs Processing payroll for <50 employees Assisting Financial Controller with ad hoc duties What you'll need to succeed In order to be success in this role you must hold the following competencies/experience levels: Degree qualified in Accountancy Minimum 2 years accounts receivable experience - Ideally with exposure to payroll/accounts payable Ideally from a retail/wholesale/e-commerce industry Intermediate Excel skills (V lookup's and Pivot Tables) Possess excellent communication skills What you'll get in return There is a fantastic opportunity in this role for an individual who is looking to learn payroll or accounts payable. As you are working directly for the Financial Controller, there may also be opportunities to assist at year end or month end where necessary. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' or forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to zoe.bakehouse@hays.com.au. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 A well known Retail Group our seeking a Financial Analyst to join their finance team on a 3 month contract. Your new company A successful Retail Group who are are seeking a Financial Analyst to join their finance team on a short term basis. Your new role The primary purpose of this position is to analyse and interpret key financial and non-financial information to senior leaders across finance, operations, marketing, e-commerce and merchandise areas. This includes, but is not limited to: Prepare forecasting highlighting the financial status by analysing results, monitoring variances, identifying trends and recommending actions to senior leaders Conduct financial analysis to determine present and future performance Assist with sales and expense forecasting / budgeting Present financial weekly and monthly reports and provide recommendations to senior leaders in areas of cost reduction measures, revenue generation ideas, and ways to streamline operations or increase customer satisfaction Analyse financial data by collecting, monitoring and creating financial models for decision support What you'll need to succeed You will be CA/CPA qualified: Ideally have experience in the retail sector Ability to analyse and interpret financial information Ability to influence key business stakeholders in order to achieve desired outcomes Ability to report and present financial data that is clear, concise and easily understood at all levels in the organisation What you'll get in return This is an exceptional opportunity to work for a well known Retail Group in a commercial capacity. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' or forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to bryn.morgan@hays.com.au or call Bryn Morgan on 96049633 now. 
 Salary range: $117,129.76 - $137,238.62 per annum* Location - Erina, Newcastle or Tamworth  Are you looking for flexibility? Do you enjoy making a difference for your community?  Hunter New England Central Coast Primary Health Network (HNECC PHN) is a government funded not-for-profit organisation. We employee highly motivated and passionate people who work together to deliver innovative, locally relevant solutions that measurably improve the health outcomes of our communities.  Key Requirements We are seeking an experienced, enthusiastic and driven Finance Manager to manage a small team to provide effective, efficient and integrated day to day operational financial management, accounting and administrative services in collaboration with other HNECC staff.  The ideal applicant will be an outstanding team leader and communicator, with highly developed interpersonal and written skills. The applicant will also be committed to and enjoy the development of continuous improvement opportunities to ensure the finance processes remain relevant and effectively support the organisation to achieve its strategic objectives.  The position is a full time fixed term contract until 30.06.2021 (pending Commonwealth funding agreements).  Why Work for the PHN?   The PHN is a values driven organisation and we are proud of our culture and the great benefits we can offer our staff, such as Salary packaging up to $15,900 Professional development opportunities Flexible working arrangements Supportive team environment Collaboration with passionate likeminded professionals Health & Wellbeing initiatives Additional Leave for Family & Community responsibilities Additional paid leave between the Christmas and new year period Opportunities to be innovative If this role sounds appealing, we would love to hear from you.        To apply for this position including selection criteria questions please visit External Job Board          https://hcm613.peoplestreme.net/hneccphn2ne2017/erec_external.asp  For any enquiries about the role please contact Melissa Hayes, Executive Manager Corporate Services at MHayes@hneccphn.com.au or on 02 6763 9910.  Applications Close: 9am Monday 30th April 2018  * Salary includes base salary (Level 5: $98,197.30 - $116,231.17), superannuation and full utilisation of salary packaging. Remuneration will be negotiated dependent on skills, experience and qualifications 
 Business Initiatives is a boutique accounting and advisory firm that provides a wide range of services to its clients. We provide expert, proactive advice in the areas of Accounting, Taxation, Loans, SMSF, Financial Planning and Property Investment. We are seeking an experienced SMSF Accountant to join our team. We are located in Norwood in a quiet street on the fringe of the CBD, not far from the Parade. There is plenty of free parking. Our office environment is fun and easy going. Everyone is autonomous and takes responsibility for their tasks within the team. We take an inclusive approach with our clients and form strong relationships with them over many years. There is a significant level of client contact with the role. We are early adopters of new technology and have worked in a paperless environment for many years. Our SMSF division looks after the accounting, administration, taxation and audit needs of our client base. The opportunity for promotion or further study is available and encouraged. This roll principally focuses on SMSF accounting and tax, however the opportunity to learn other skills also exists. Incentives exist for staff who put in a strong work effort or introduce new business to our firm. The skills we require... The successful candidate will have the following attributes: experience as a SMSF accountant enthusiasm to help grow the division attention to detail hard work ethic team player problem solving skills ability to work under pressure and to a deadline strong communication and interpersonal skills friendly disposition and sense of humour ability to learn quickly outstanding written and verbal communication skills. The challenge... The role includes the following tasks: preparation of SMSF financial accounts and tax returns using BGL liaising with our third party auditors provision of SMSF strategy and advice including pensions, salary sacrifice, business real property and interpretation of the SIS Act (in conjunction with our Financial Planning division) preparation of rollover forms preparation of BDN's para-planning support. Our client base is varied, from small business to large. Most industry groups are represented. Experience in BGL is essential. Exposure to BGL 360 and Sage HandiSoft, Xero and Banklink experience is a definite advantage. The role reports directly to the firm's Managing Director. Salary is commensurate with experience. We reward those who take initiative and work hard. We are offering a full time position for the right candidate. Please submit your Resume and Covering Letter in either Microsoft WORD or PDF format through the Seek website. Please note that Covering Letters sent in a text format will not be read. www.businessi.com.au Caitlin Bergamasco Office Manager Business Initiatives Phone: 08 8431 7444   
A great opportunity to assist this growing business and newly appointed Finance Director working on a number of projects both nationally and internationally.  Working alongside this very approachable and supportive Finance Director you will quickly become a key figure in the finance function.  You will be available to commence at short notice and ideally possess the following attributes: Qualified Accountant (Or near completion of studies) Commercial Acumen - Ability to liaise with Project Managers and question outcomes  Great attention to detail  Ideally a construction or Hire company experience Project Accounting  / Cost Accounting experience Ability to understand and challenge forecast assumptions Ability to grasp business models  Restructuring experience would be a asset however not a prerequisite This roles requires an immediate start to work on a number of specific projects, reviewing existing and new business. This is a varied, hands-on roles that will see you work alongside a finance team that is delivering projects ranging from $10k to over $1m both nationally and internationally. A strong communicator with commercial acumen, P&L, modelling and Costing experience, you will be ready and eager to join this great business.  For further details please contact Mark Kew on 0410 947 710 or email mark@remedyresourcing.com 
 YOUNG DYNAMIC AND GROWING TEAM. TWO FOUNDERS WHO HAVE WON MULTIPLE AWARDS. EXCEPTIONAL CAREER DEVELOPMENT AND POTENTIAL OPPORTUNITIES! SALARY UP TO 100K + SUPER. COMPANY: This vibrant firm has a mission statement that screams Family is number one which the founders have lived by ever since the company was established. This award winning firm are known for helping young families maximise their small business potential. The team is certainly as vibrant as the founders and the culture is described as Team orientated, & Family friendly. POSITION: TAX MANAGER: Your role would be to manage a team of Accountants, offering expert tax advice, reviewing work, meeting jointly with clients to provide high level tax strategies. Autonomy - You've got the power to choose how things are done and constantly improve the systems and processes. You will provide high level advice, structure & Strategies. This role comes with a 5 year progression plan. CANDIDATE: You are an assistant manager or manager. You specialize in Businesss Services dealing with entities worth 50k - 5m in revenue. You will have spent a minimum of 4-6 years' experience at a Big 4 or Mid-tier Accounting firms in Australia. You're a Tax agent or have the prerequisites to be one. You are a CA or CPA Accountant. The successful candidate will be rewarded with a highly competitive remuneration package with the added bonus of company share If you have the above criteria apply below, or phone Matthew Kitto - 0432 445 760 or email for more information. You can also join our Facebook page to be kept updated with all other opportunities currently available.http://www.facebook.com/pages/ROC-Consulting-Group/229597947063513 or visit our website at www.rocconsulting.com.au 
 Work with this collaborative finance team - Temporary contract to begin immediately Your new company This leading manufacturing company based in Tuggerah (Central Coast) is seeking an Accounts Payable Officer to join their well-established team. This is a fantastic opportunity to work with such a well-known corporate employer whose positive and supportive working culture is something to be highly desired. Your new role This is a full-function Accounts Payable role and responsibilities will include: Processing suppliers' invoices (foreign invoices also), preparing suppliers' payments on a weekly basis, coding and data entry of invoices, cheque runs, reconciliation of supplier statements, liaising with creditors regarding payments and queries and month end close offs for suppliers. What you'll need to succeed Cultural fit is a huge requirement for this company and to be considered for the role you will demonstrate: Superior communication skills and excellent customer service Hands-on approach Bigger picture mentality Collaborative, team-player approach Stability and reliability Strong & supportive working relationships with both internal and external stakeholders What you'll get in return Work with this forward-thinking and supportive company who really considers the wellbeing of their staff. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Who are we? Privately owned, we were born and run out of Sydney, Australia. Our local businesses include consumer goods wholesaler, Outliving and giftware retailer, Mr & Mrs Jones. We spread the Aussie summer spirit across the world with our global brand, Sunnylife. Designed in Sydney, we both wholesale and retail the products globally. Our offices are in Sydney, Los Angeles, and London and we do business primarily in Australia, North America, and Europe. Benefits Our team is made up of hard workers who love what they do and the environment they do it in. Not just a job, Outliving is a place to thrive, grow and build friendships. Breakfast, lunch and snacks are on us on the daily with a well-stocked kitchen. And you can have your cake and eat it too, as we're located in Rosebery next to Black Star Pastry. To help you grow with us, we offer training and support all year round. We also have regular in office wine, cheese and fitness programs - not necessarily in that order. What you will be doing! Daily general ledger upload and posting / journals for Retail and Online businesses Daily Bank Reconciliations Weekly Retail Performance reporting Weekly Online Performance reporting Monthly Intercompany reconciliations Managing the fixed assets register Turnover and other retail reporting Managing retail merchant terminals and new business roll outs Partnering with retail business team to ensure efficiency and effectiveness of operations Other associated business tasks as are required by Outliving from time to time Who is the ideal candidate? Previous accounting and GL experience Strong understanding of basic accounting concepts and principles Bank and other GL reconciliations Exposure to retail business Intermediate experience using Excel and other software Hard working Keen eye for detail Organised and able to manage competing tasks at the same time Able to work autonomously Click apply to join a fun and dynamic team! 
 [ Attractions of the Firm ] Large progressive firm with high caliber finance, wealth and accounting teams  Staff focused firm that encourages work/life balance, top industry training, regular social events, and involvement in community fundraising events  Full support of CA or CPA modules including payment of subjects, membership costs, training sessions and mentoring     The Opportunity:  This evolving company has experienced significant success in the industry, having grown from 20 to 50 staff in the past 5 years.  With a strong network of clients, this company offers multiple services across wealth management, tax accounting and SMSF accounting. Due to continual growth, they are in need for an experienced SMSF Accountant to manage a portfolio of client both in an administration, compliance and advisory capacity.  You will be reporting to a manager, and will be supported by an outsourced team on the Gold Coast.  About The Role:  The role will see you involved in the planning and preparation of annual financial statements and income tax returns for a diverse range of self-managed superannuation funds. The responsibilities of this role include, but are not limited to: Assisting in the planning for the commencement of jobs and acquiring knowledge and understanding of client's fund Efficient, timely and accurate preparation of appropriate financial reports Preparation of SMSF Audit Files Timely and accurate identification of SIS and tax compliance issues Ensuring files are completed and kept up to date Preparation of pension documents and calculations thereof  Preparation of quarterly activity statements Liaising with clients WIP management Your Experience:  Minimum 4 years' experience working with self managed super funds in an Australian accounting firm We will consider tax accountants with SMSF experience wanting to specialise in SMSF Accounting  Experience with Class Super highly regarded  To Apply:  Please click APPLY and attach your resume or contact Richard Erikson for a confidential discussion:  07 3229 8020 0450 311 804  richard@bentleyrecruitment.com.au  
 Australian Child Care Career Options is proud of its reputation as one of the leading providers of training in Early Education qualifications nationally.  Operating successfully for over 21 years, we are committed to delivering quality training and education through innovation, industry experience and passion. We are seeking an experienced Accounts Payable Officer, who has experience in both accounts payable and basic payroll. Experience using Xero Accounting Software is highly regarded. This position will start as a part-time 3-4 day role, but has the possibility to extend into a full-time position. Candidates must have availability for the full working week.    Your new role Liaise with students and clients with relation to course fees payable, including invoicing and the payment process Monitoring of student payments and timely debt collection and recovery where required Accurate data entry and costing of accounts payable Maintaining accurate supplier information and communication Providing assistance to the Accountant and General Manager in areas such as national payroll processing, Superannuation, Payroll Tax and WorkCover Process accurate monthly statements and supplier accounts Complete general administrative duties related to finance, as directed by the ACCCO Management team   About you Preferable experience in Accounting Software, particularly Xero Preferred experience within a similar role with a demonstrable account payable and payroll competency Analytically minded with a strong attention to detail Ability to work under pressure and utilise time management skills Preferred familiarity with Wisenet or similar learner management software Ability to hit the ground running, and excellent work ethic Ability to adapt and be flexible with changes   ACCCO will offer you An established and well-respected brand with a positive team environment Flexible starting and finishing times between 8am and 5pm Fun and energetic team Opportunities for personal development and career progression 2-minute walk from Fortitude Valley train station   Please submit applications through Seek. If you have any questions, please email recruitment@accco.com.au   Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. Please no agencies. 
 Global Trading Firm Junior Quantitative Analyst Role 1st Class Hons, Masters and PhD Graduates Wanted Unique opportunities have transpired for entry level graduates in engineering, statistics, physics, and applied mathematics to work for a trading firm. With an outstanding presence in Australian and the U.S, my client boosts an impressive team of dedicated quantitative traders, analysts and computational scientists. The successful applicant will report to the Head of Quantitative Research and assist in day to day administration and support of quantitative strategies. This is a fantastic opportunity for entry level graduates in statistics, mathematics, engineering and physics. Finance experience or knowledge of financial markets is not necessary, however candidates need to demonstrate an interest in this area. Candidates with a 1st Class Hons and PhD are strongly encouraged to apply. Please note that applicants will be shortlisted on the basis of their academic credentials, which must be at a High Distinction level. Anything less will not be considered, therefore only the top 1% will be contacted. The type of modelling skills we desired are varied, therefore we are keen to speak to anyone from an applied or pure mathematics background. These include but not limited to; theoretical physics (anything from dark matter/energy to quantum mechanics, computational, fluid dynamics, string theory or condensed matter, etc), plasma or electromagnetism. Engineering (mechanical, electrical, nano, aerospace or financial), actuarial, statistics (probability modelling is highly desired). Applicants must send their academic transcripts and sit for a 1 hour maths test offsite. (Finance and trading knowledge will not be tested). For more information please contact Maria at Bluefin Resources on 02 9270 2612 IMPORTANT: By submitting your email address and any other personal information when you APPLY to a job, you consent to such information being collected, held, used and disclosed in accordance with our COLLECTIONS NOTICE and PRIVACY POLICY. http://www.bluefinresources.com.au/privacy-policy 
 Do you have a talent for numbers and an interest in working in a dynamic Human Resources environment?  A great opportunity exists to join our team in the position of Justice Officer - Payroll at H.M. Prison Langi Kal Kal. Reporting to the Human Resources Supervisor, you will be responsible for providing payroll and rostering services to prison based staff.  In order to perform well, you will be familiar with Chris21 and Time Target, be detail focused, have excellent numerical and reasoning skills and be committed to providing high level customer service and continuous improvement. As the successful candidate, you will learn to process and balance payroll, coordinate duty rosters, provide advice to stall on personnel matters, including but not limited to entitlements, responsibilities and leave as required, and provide administrative support as required. How to apply Please click the Apply button at the bottom of this advertisement. Applications should include a resume and covering letter. Attachments can be uploaded in .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt or .rtf formats. Please note: When submitting your application online, there will be questions pertaining to a number of the position's Key Selection Criteria to which you are required to respond. 
The Company: Primary Health Care Limited is one of Australia's leading ASX-listed healthcare providers with over 11,000 people in our teams across Australia. Our extensive network of medical centres feature a range of medical services including general practice, pathology, imaging, dental, physio, IVF and specialists all under one roof. We're committed to being a better organisation every day, and this is your opportunity to be a part of that journey. The Medical Centres Division develop and operate over 70 modern, large scale multi-disciplinary medical centres located right across Australia. Our centres serve over two million Australians every year. At Primary Health Care, our purpose is to help all Australians be healthy and well. The Position: This is a busy and varied role where you will be working within our Collections team. This role will involve a high level of telephone and written customer service, multi-tasking and working to deadlines.  Excellent communication, customer service skills and a "can do" attitude will see you succeed in this role. Duties will include:  Provide administrative support to the Accounts Receivable Manager, Practice Manager and Admin Assistants / 2IC's. Provide accurate recording of communications with all related parties. Maintain a high degree of accuracy when recording relevant administrative data. Liaise with National Collections Manager with regard to daily administrative tasks and reports. Develop good working relationships with medical centre staff and medical professionals.  Report all patient and doctor complaints to the Accounts Receivable Manager. Provide excellent customer service to all areas of the business. Attend regular staff meetings with Accounts Receivable Manager. Participate in internal and external professional development as required and recommended.     To be successful in this role, you will:  Promote a positive, professional image of the company at all times. Maintain confidentiality of company operational, personnel and financial details as well as maintaining patient privacy. Have excellent communication skills. Strong customer service focus. To show initiative. A reliable, punctual and hardworking approach. To be a team player. To be a quick learner and ability to adapt to internal systems. Basic Word and Excel experience/skills.      If this sounds a right position for you, Apply Now through online! 
 The role is principally supervised by a Manager/Principal and the responsibilities will range from the performance of all or a substantial part of the work assignment attributed to a portfolio of clients. Client Details My client is a well-established CA firm based in Western Sydney, looking for a Senior Accountant to join their diversified team of 20. They service the needs of a number of large private companies with national operations as well as many medium size and smaller businesses with it's turnover of clients range from $300m+ to under $1.0m. Description As a Senior Accountant you will be required to manage your workflow, and assist the manager to ensure that work is efficiently allocated to other team members whilst providing guidance, training, coaching as well as reviewing the work of those team members. You will assist with their direct report with the management, development and administration of a portfolio of clients and handling special work as required while maintaining a good level of service to clients, producing a quality product/service and meeting client deadlines. Profile CA qualified highly regarded or part qualified 5 year's experience in business services in Australian public practice Strong stakeholder and management experience Demonstrated leadership skills Technically proficient and strong time management skills Professional written and verbal communication skills Good understanding of Corporations Act, accounting standards, tax legislation and other relevant legislations as they relate to the work undertaken. Strong attention to detail, analytical and research skills Job Offer Close to public transport Career progression and development Ongoing support and Training Study leave (if undertaking approved Post Graduate Studies) $80,000 - $90,000 CIRCA 
 Immediate start for an experienced Contracts Administrator for an international mining company, DIDO Your new company An international mining company that is at the forefront of the resources and mining sector is seeking an experienced Contract Administrator for an ongoing contract DIDO from Mackay or Rockhampton. Your new role Reporting into the Finance Manager you will work is a small and dedicated team where you will play a pivotal role in the commercial review and management of the mine's operational contracts. This will include but not limited to tender evaluations, managing and suggesting clause changes, procurement reports and stakeholder management What you'll need to succeed To be successful it is essential that you have demonstrated experience as Contract Administrator within Heavy Industry reviewing operational contracts. It will be highly advantageous that you have a tertiary qualification in a related field and be based in or around the Bowen Basin. What you'll get in return This contract opportunity offers an excellent hourly rate, a 5:2 DIDO roster with accommodation combined with the opportunity to gain experience with an industry leader. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact Georgina Morey, recruiting expert in Senior Finance, on 07 4771 5100 for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 About us Visit Victoria is Victoria's primary tourism, business and major events company that focusses on curating and communicating the depth and diversity of Victoria's inspiring experiences to intrastate, interstate and international visitors, organisations and associations. Visit Victoria's prime objective is to build Victoria into Australia's number one tourism destination by delivering strong and sustainable growth across the sector. The business operates in a collaborative and agile environment that informs, connects and partners with industry and the Victorian State Government to amplify Victoria's brand in domestic and international markets. For further details on Visit Victoria, please visit our website: corporate.visitvictoria.com.au Our values: We win as one; We are brave; We are authentic; Promises made, Promises kept; We are results driven   About the role: Lead a team of direct and indirect reports to provide high level support to the Chief Financial Officer, internal and external stakeholders in matters of accounting, finance, shared services and budget.  To deliver positive financial outcomes in an accurate and timely manner through the provision of sound financial reporting, policies and procedures and financial analysis whilst complying with legislative requirements ensuring Visit Victoria policies and procedures comply and are adhered to. Using sound financial analysis, financial reporting, policies and procedures take the lead in making decisions for the daily operations of the financial and shared services team and the broader Visit Victoria and Melbourne Convention Bureau Team. Oversee the team to manage and coordinate the preparation of annual financial statements for Visit Victoria and Melbourne Convention Bureau. About you: 2 “ 3 years' experience in managing a Financial and Shared Services Team, and running the daily financial and shared services operations of an organisation. Demonstrated experience in preparing budgeting, financial reporting, accounting operations and systems at a senior level within a multi focused business. Proven ability to prepare sophisticated innovative financial reporting and analysis for a range of stakeholders. Demonstrated experience in the application of accounting policies, and a sound knowledge of accounting standards and financial/tax legislation A proven understanding of modern accounting/financial systems. Demonstrated experience in development and management of risk programs. Demonstrated experience in working with auditors and/or a governance framework. Proven written and verbal communication skills including a proven ability to lead, mentor, develop and assist staff and to liaise and negotiate with all levels of management and staff.   Additional Information: Application Close: 27 April 2018 Tenure: Ongoing Employment: Full Time   Next steps If you are as passionate about destination marketing as we are, then apply now! Please click on Apply to submit your covering letter and resume.   PLEASE NOTE: only short listed candidates will receive email correspondence. Visit Victoria will not accept candidate submissions by unsolicited third parties. 
 About the role In your new role, you will be responsible for the delivery of timely and accurate accounting, financial reporting and analysis and performing general ledger tasks for NSW branches from centralized location. The position requires someone with proven team management experience, with capability to coach, mentor and develop team members as you will be managing the centralized Accounts Receivable and Payables team. With direct exposure to branch and head office senior management, you would be a relationship builder and have strong leadership skills. Duties/responsibilities Ensure accounts are maintained accurately to facilitate the timely production of results. Manage budget preparation process for NSW branches within tight deadlines. Ensure all statutory compliance requests are completed and assist with the administration of the business. Lead in planning, directing, monitoring and controlling the activities of the NSW Accounts Receivables and Payables team. Focus on continuous improvements and streamlining processes. Required to travel to ALSCO NSW branches where necessary including branch in Newcastle. Ensure compliance with relevant industry legislation. Embrace and fortify the company's core values. Skills/experience Degree Qualified 2-3 years' experience in a similar managerial role with strong and proven work ethics. Proven experience in managing end of month and budgeting processes. Proficiency, at an intermediate to advanced level, with computer programs, including Microsoft programs (Excel and Word) Demonstrates positive involvement and interaction with the overall team both at an individual, team & management level. Experience in managing Accounts Receivable and Payables medium sized team and proven track record in leading an engaged and motivated team to deliver a high standard of work. If you are interested in this role, please use the "apply here" button   N.B.The ALSCO recruitment process includes reference checking and a pre-employment medical examination with drug screening. 
 This practice's client portfolio is tilted to significant private businesses which require elevated tax and accounting knowledge.  Therein lies the challenge and equally therein lies your career opportunity. The directors of the practice are in need of a high energy Intermediate Tax Accountant to join their professional team of thirty members.  A background of two to three years in a professional services practice will be required to advance with this position. The practice's structured professional development program, along with day-to-day support from managers and seniors, will provide the platform for your ongoing developing technical excellence. The practice's expanding client base consists of private companies, successful small businesses, property developers, investors and agricultural based clients. The Intermediate Tax Accountant will require: Superior written and interpersonal skills Elevated tax and business services exposure and technical skills A background working in a multi-partner firm Experience with the preparation of financial statements and tax returns for groups with multiple entities Competence in the use of Xero, MYOB AE or MYOB AO Additionally, you will need to be enrolled in either the Chartered Accounting or CPA program. The opportunity is for you to work in a dynamic and socially active environment.  Career advancement is assured in a firm which "looks after its own" and delivers career options for its staff.  Stepping in is stepping up. 
 Our client is currently seeking expressions of interest from experienced automotive administrators for the position of Accounts Payable Clerk. In this role you will work as part of a team and be responsible for the accurate coordination and processing of accounts payable for this multi-franchised dealership group. Significant experience in a similar role is required. This is a high transaction environment, so speed and accuracy are essential in this role, as is the ability to use the Pentana/ERA computer system. They are seeking a 'self-starter' who works hard and can hit the ground running. An attractive remuneration package will be discussed subject to your level of experience and standard superannuation is paid.  AUTOrecruit is one of Australia's largest and longest running automotive recruitment consultancies, servicing clients and candidates for over 20 years. With nearly 3,000 automotive, truck and tractor clients spread across Australia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, and the South Pacific, we have the widest range of employment opportunities available. With offices in Brisbane, Sydney and Melbourne we are ideally located to service clients and candidates looking for either regional or metropolitan employment vacancies or opportunities. For further information contact Kelly Mclean on (07) 3160 2374 quoting job number AK5206. Resumes can be forwarded by email to jobs@autorecruit.com.au. 
 Our vision BDO is the world's fifth largest full service audit, tax and advisory firm, with the depth and breadth of services and expertise capable of delivering on all of our clients' needs.   We realise that no two organisations are the same, and what we value most is the relationships we develop with our clients as we work with them to deliver on their distinctively different needs.   Why BDO? BDO's Tax & Advisory team is an expanding player in the WA market. We have been successful in building on existing relationships while also capitalising on many new business opportunities by delivering technical excellence, industry experience and unbeatable value. Key Responsibilities Preparation of complex tax compliance and advisory work to a high standard, including preparation of tax effect accounting calculations, corporate restructures, acquisitions and divestments, utilisation of tax losses and tax consolidation, CGT etc.; Developing relationships with clients to identify opportunities; Liaison with clients and ATO on tax compliance matters; Assistance with proposals and management of client engagements, including WIP management, billings, client deliverables and correspondence; Coaching and motivating junior colleagues, including supervision of work outputs and mentoring To be successful in this position, you must demonstrate the following: Tertiary qualified; CA qualified (or equivalent qualification) or nearing completion; Previous professional experience (at least 4-5 years) in Corporate Tax; Ability to build excellent client relationships, with a strong track record of delivering high quality outcomes; A willingness to increase knowledge base in core tax areas. At BDO, we believe that the heart of our business isn't about numbers and spreadsheets, it is about our people and we are committed to providing our people with an environment that enables them to work to their full potential. To learn more about who we are, review our ˜BDO in Australia' LinkedIn page or online at www.bdo.com.au. Next steps If this sounds like the opportunity you're looking for, please apply online at www.bdo.com.au or click the Apply button. For any queries in relation to the role please contact People & Culture on (08) 6382 4629.     
 TwoScots are delighted to partner with a rapidly growing, prestigious client based in the CBD. Due to the growth of the business and them winning some high-profile projects, they have a requirement for an experienced management accountant to join their journey and help drive future growth. The role has a good balance of technical accounting and business partnering and will see you partnering with key stakeholders both internally and externally. The company has seen a huge amount of change and growth over the last few years. Some of the key duties of the role will include: Being the main point of contact for the IT department Month end reporting including making recommendations to senior management Preparation of financial reports Analysis of actual vs forecasted/budgeted figures and reporting every month Reviewing monthly reconciliations of all Balance Sheet accounts Design and develop Excel templates to assist with reporting requirements Liaising with the external auditors Key skills/Experience required: Working towards your CPA or CA qualification Experience in industry The ability to communicate with senior stakeholders and explain complex financial information to non-finance teams Advanced Excel skills and an aptitude for large ERP systems Great communication skills Click APPLY or alternatively please call Kim Ruddock at TwoScots Recruitment on 03 8624 2506 for a confidential chat about this opportunity. 
 About Us UniSuper is a profit for member environment with a clear mandate: providing greater retirement outcomes for our members. The Opportunity Our Finance team is looking for a Senior Accountant to take responsibility for UniSuper's investment tax matters. You will provide advice on the appropriateness of the custodian's tax policy, tax reporting and investment tax settings. You will also work closely with UniSuper's Investments Team to assist with the allocation of investment tax amongst the investment options managed by the Fund. Reporting to the Tax Manager, this role is about how taxation is applied; not about spouting legislation. Your skill will be in translating how tax legislation actually affects investments, not in being able to recite tax law. You come from either a taxation or an investment background and either way, you are passionate about investments and about being the interface between the Finance and Investments business units. About You You have excellent interpersonal skills and proven analytical skills. In addition, to succeed in this role you will have: Strong investment tax knowledge Great stakeholder management skills An enthusiasm to learn Outstanding verbal and written communication skills    For You UniSuper provides you a supportive and collaborative team and a chance to innovate in a fast moving, member-focused environment. We give you two days a year to volunteer your time as well as three extra days of annual leave between Christmas and New Year, when we close our office. We support flexible work practices, offer gym discounts and have onsite massages to ensure your health and well-being. In addition to 17% superannuation and support for salary sacrifice arrangements, you can access our Financial Advisers at a reduced rate to help you plan your financial future. If this resonates and you think it's the right next move for you, please get in touch. This role is being recruited by our internal Talent Team and should we require recruitment agency assistance, we will engage our preferred partners. 
 This is a great opportunity for an experienced Senior Payroll Officer with Micropay experience to join an exciting technology business during a period of growth The role is initially offered on a contract basis until July 2018 however the position may be offered on a permanent basis for the right candidate. You will be responsible for the full end to end payroll process for up to 150 employees including processing new starters/terminations, compliance reporting, monthly payroll reporting, resolve payroll queries and actively participate in the identification of new areas in which process improvements could be made. To be successful in the role you must be able to come on board and hit the ground running. You will have experience in a standalone position and be confident processing 150 employees monthly and weekly salaries. Micropay experience is essential and you must be available for the duration of the contract. To express your interest in the role, please apply below or call Pam Allan 8399 9300 for a confidential discussion. 
 Leading Australian Retail Enterprise Entry Level Role Supportive Team Environment Client Details Our client is one of Australia's leading retail enterprise's who pride themselves on high class service and fantastic product delivery. This position is one that will have you working as a Payroll Clerk at their Brisbane North Office support centre, where they are known for having a fun, energetic and exciting workplace. Description Reporting to the Payroll Manager, your role will include but will not be limited to: Assist with the competition of a weekly payroll Able to work cohesively with the payroll manager and other department managers Building and maintaining positive relationships with all internal stakeholders Preparing ad-hoc reporting and analysis as required Assist with answering employee queries in a timely manner Profile The successful applicant would preferably have previous experience in/or around end-to-end payroll and bring a positive and hard-working attitude to the workplace. A high level of organisation skills and the ability to deal with a high volume of e-mail queries on a daily basis is required. Intermediate Excel skills as well as exposure to large payroll and time and attendance systems would be advantageous. Job Offer Fixed Term Contract Position Entry Level Role Easily Accessible Location Ongoing Training To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact [Sasha] [Webster] on [+61 7 3414 6143]. 
 Immediate need for a payroll officer with experience using a large HRMIS and full end-to-end function. Your new company A large payroll team undergoing some major service reviews are looking for an experienced payroll officer to join their team immediately. Your new role As a Payroll Officer you will be responsible for; creating files for new employees to record payroll data maintaining and updating files for existing employees to record information such as employee contact details, leave taken, overtime, promotions, transfers, tax deductions, health insurance payments and superannuation preparing payroll data from time sheets and other payroll and personnel records interpreting industrial awards providing information to employees and managers about payroll matters such as tax issues, benefits and deductions finalising files and arrangements when employees retire, resign or transfer What you'll need to succeed Ideal candidates will need a background in payroll processing, an understanding of awards and entitlements, and ideally data cleansing or file audit experience. What you'll get in return Available for the right candidate is a 3 month contracts with an attractive hourly rate, state of the art offices, and extension possibility. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Alex Polson on 02 6¦show number . If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. At Hays, we value diversity and are passionate about placing people in a role where they can flourish and succeed. We actively encourage people from diverse backgrounds to apply. 
 Who we are:  Thomson Geer is a leading national commercial law firm with offices in Melbourne, Sydney Adelaide and Brisbane. The firm has more than 500 partners and staff nationally, and offers a dynamic, friendly and professional work environment. We are passionate about constantly providing value to our clients - their business success is our priority. This focus on client value is a key reason for our success.   The role: We are currently looking for a Finance Administrator to join our Brisbane office working as a part of a national team. The successful candidate will need to take ownership of their financial duties and the provision of internal client liaison and service. The successful candidate will report to a supervisor interstate and therefore, the ability to work autonomously is a must. This position is process-oriented and undertakes a range of accounts payable and receivable functions, including: Drawing office and trust cheques Receipting cheques and bank statements Entering creditors into the system Maintenance of monthly trust requirements Making credit card and vendor payments Entering disbursements Banking including petty cash and processing Reconciliation and administration of bank accounts Assisting with Billing The requirements: It is essential that you have strong organisational skills and are the kind of person who thrives on using your initiative. An eye for detail, strong client-service orientation and an enthusiastic approach to your work is also important.   What we offer: At Thomson Geer, we offer quality, varied and challenging work, a high calibre client base and a collaborative and supportive team environment. You'll be rewarded with professional development opportunities and market competitive remuneration.   What you need to do: If this sounds like the role for you please submit your application via the "Apply" link below. Please note: we are not taking agency applications at this time.   
 We are currently seeking applications from motivated individuals to fill the position of Payroll Officer. Please ensure that your level of experience matches what is being asked for in this position “ over qualification will not be an advantage.   Your duties will include:   Preparation of the payroll processing on a fortnightly and monthly basis Filing of payroll documentation Month End reconciliations and journals Preparation and maintenance of long service and annual leave and ensure all data is prepared for month end journals Addressing all queries regarding employees from internal / external persons Making necessary statutory and third party payments for all entities Compiling all superannuation information, maintaining data base and making payments for all entities Maintaining archived informatio Processing Workers Compensation spread sheets Establishing new employee files Processing and distribution of group certificates Maintaining payroll systems, databases and files Other duties as required and/or requested by the Payroll / Recruitment Manager   To be successful for this role, you must have the following skills and attributes:   Minimum 2 years payroll officer experience Intermediate level experience in Microsoft Excel, Word and Outlook Excellent data entry and attention to detail skills Time management skills Sound verbal and written communication skills An appreciation of privacy, confidentiality and compliance with laws, regulations and standards Pronto software experience is desirable but not essential   The successful candidate will be required to meet our pre-employment criteria including drug and alcohol screening prior to an Offer of Employment being made.  Please forward resume together with a covering letter to support your application Applications must be received in WORD or PDF format only For more information about The Byrnecut Group please visit www.byrnecut.com.au   Due to the high volume of applications received for our advertised positions, only those applicants who are shortlisted will be contacted.  To those applicants not shortlisted, we extend our appreciation for considering The Byrnecut Group as a potential employer. 
 Our client, a large privately owned residential home builder is seeking an astute and enthusiastic Financial Accountant to join their large finance team.  Centrally located on the Gold Coast this role offers you the opportunity to thrive in a fast paced, dynamic environment working amongst a team of professional accountants.   This role is supported by an Assistant Accountant and reports directly to the Financial Controller. You will be responsible for; Preparation of the monthly Profit & Loss. Preparation of the monthly Balance Sheet, including reconciliations. Prepare Fringe Benefits Tax annual return. Work in Progress calculations Preparation of Business Activity Statements Maintain and control the Fixed Assets Register Budget preparation Creation of internal management reports and liaising with relevant managers Develop and drive process improvements within the accounting function Liaison with external auditors Provide accurate and timely reporting and ensure compliance with statutory and regulatory requirements. You will need; Minimum of 5 years' experience in a similar role (building industry and advantage, not essential) Demonstrated understanding of audit processes Experience within a commercial environment Strong working knowledge of AASB standards Your Qualifications; Tertiary qualification in accounting or commerce Minimum 3 years post CA/CPA Qualification Your Skills; Ability to develop and drive process improvement strategies within the accounting function Ability to work independently and take ownership of the role Ability to manage multiple tasks and meet deadlines Completion of tasks with a high level of accuracy Communicate effectively with numerous stakeholder across the business Excellent written and verbal communication skills Able to analyse, interpret and communicate financial information Intermediate to Advanced Excel skills Work effectively within a team environment Our client is seeking an applicant who is passionate about making a difference in their role, takes pride in their work and will add value to all aspects of the accounting function. This role is too good to miss! 
 About the business and the role We are a leading design, engineering, project and equipment supplier of Leading Edge Technology Products. Specialising in the Health, Retirement, Agedcare and Fiber Optic Space we work with a number of Bluechip clients delivering tomorrows technology today.    The successful candidate will be directed working via  a direct relationship with the CFO. You will be involved in implementing strict accounting measure and financial structure.  Job tasks and responsibilities Accounts Payable Preparing batches for payment Reconciliations Processing of standard journals Spreadsheeting Skills and experience You will have previous experience. You will be outgoing, professional with excellent written and verbal communication skills. You will have an excellent eye for detail, you must enjoy working in a fast paced and varied environment and be eager and willing to learn, lead and implement. Australian Residents need only apply. Australian Drivers License and vehicle essential as no public transport is available.   Online applications will be emailed a detailed position description.  
Our client is a leading national professional services firm, with an enviable track record of success and stunning offices in Melbourne's CBD. They are seeking to employ a Bookkeeper in a newly created permanent role. The Bookkeeper will provide support to a larger team, and work on multiple clients across Australia. The Bookkeeper will primarily be responsible for: General Accounts: Ensuring the integrity of data, month-end responsibilities, end of month accruals, reconciliations, BAS preparation, maintenance of fixed asset register and being a super user of Xero; Accounts Payable: data entry of invoices and matching them with purchase orders, reconciliation of supplier statements and processing of all AP payments; Accounts Receivable: data entry for manual invoices, processing daily invoices and invoicing customers, processing and following up on customer receipts; Payroll: Processing payroll, including superannuation, tax and PAYG payments, yearly payroll tax and WorkCover reconciliation, Annual PAYG and setting up new employees; & Point of contact for clients: Collecting and filing verification records for transactions, maintaining databases including contacts and payment details and liaising with clients and other staff within the firm regarding any queries.  This is a full-time role with some flexibility available depending on your personal requirements.  The successful candidate will be someone who can adapt to change, manage their time effectively and have outstanding communication skills. The highest standards of professionalism and strong customer service focus are also imperative. In addition, we require: Experience in a similar bookkeeping position, ideally within a professional or financial services business; Expertise in managing and processing payroll; Strong debits and credits experience; The ability to reconcile and be accurate with data entry; A good understanding of accounting software (Xero experience will be highly regarded); Intermediate Excel skills; & Adaptability to changing work flows and competing priorities. The workplace highly values the employee experience, and the Bookkeeper will be supported by exceptional people to grow their skills and career in the long term. A strong remuneration package is on offer, and the suite of employee benefits available is genuinely world-class. PacPartners is a specialist recruitment firm operating in Melbourne, a division of Pacific Search Partners. For more information or a confidential discussion about this role, please contact us on 03 9631 1500. 
 About Us We are an Australian owned and operated, animal health wholesaler “ supplying products to veterinarians and pet stores across Australia.  In operation for over 50 years we're experiencing steady growth and currently employ over 150 staff across Australia, it's an exciting time to join our team! Role Objective This position is responsible for carrying out the entire accounting duties for the groups veterinary hospitals, including providing support and assistance to the Finance Department specifically in other finance tasks as directed by the Financial Controller. Functions and Tasks Prepare the company's working bank account reconciliation on a daily basis Carry out the entire full function accounting duties for the groups veterinary hospitals portfolio. This includes managing the financial information flows in xero software, paying the accounts, preparing the monthly accounts, reconciling all the GL related accounts, reconciling the xero software data back to the veterinary practices software and preparing the asset registers and depreciation schedules. Using Ezzy bills invoice automation technology, this position will be responsible for ensuring the integrity of information flows and managing the subsequent on-line approvals and data extractions. Assist with any other finance tasks as directed by the Financial Controller. Qualifications and Experience Must have strong accounting skills and practical bookkeeping work experience of at least 3 years Tertiary qualifications in accounting is required. Xero software and an invoice data extraction software technology are preferred though not necessary. High level of detail and accuracy is required. 
 We are currently recruiting for an experienced Bookkeeper/Finance Assistant to work for this well-established and successful Day Procedure Centre located in the Eastern Suburbs.  You will be required to work a 7 day fortnight (which may soon increase to 8 days) and there is parking onsite for your convenience.    Within this role you will be responsible for Accounts Payable, Inventory Management, End of month journals and reconciliations.  You will report to the Regional Finance Manager and will play a key part in all matters relating to the financial operations of the business.    To be successful in this role we are looking for someone who has:   Strong Finance & Bookkeeping experience Excellent time management skills A great eye for detail Excellent written and verbal communication skills A confident and proactive approach Advanced computer skills in MYOB Word & Excel   You will work with very helpful and supportive management within a friendly and team focused environment.  This is a permanent part time position and is available immediately.  Working 7.5 hours per day, the start and finish times can be flexible to fit in with your lifestyle.    Ideally you will have a formal qualification in Bookkeeping and an excellent understanding of the MYOB accounting package.   Sound like you?  Then don't miss out on this great opportunity “ please click onto "apply for this job" button below to submit your resume and cover letter for consideration.  
 Based in Stawell Temp to perm opportunity Immediate need Our client are looking to secure the services of an experienced Senior Financial/Management Accountant to join their high profile business based in Stawell. You will be required to support the CFO with their diverse business portfolio, mentor junior staff and contribute to the long standing success of this high profile business. Your responsibilities will include: Management of business planning, co-ordination, performance analysis and reporting; Responsible for key project deliverables to senior management Support & co-ordinate audit and risk management strategies Prepare monthly reporting packs Compilation of monthly variance and financial reports to senior management Preparation of budgets and forecasts Data Management and reporting relating to resourcing requirements Liaising with internal and external clients/staff members and providing accurate accounting advice and additional processing needs when required The role requires a candidate with significant demonstrated experience working in a similar role. You will be a professionally qualified as a CA/CPA with experience using large ERP's as well as previous experience in supporting key stakeholders within an organisation. Candidates with experience working with PRONTO will be highly regarded. Essential to the role will be your exceptional written and verbal communication skills and ability to work in a team focused environment. This client has an IMMEDIATE need so apply today. Please apply quoting Ref No: 21741RD 
nan
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us collect debts and lead the improvement of our debt recovery arrangements. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review An important part of our work is to investigate instances of serious and intentional misuse, misappropriation, and fraudulent obtaining of funds in relation to Health Provider access to Australian Government Health funding programs.  We undertake investigations under Part IID of the Human Services (Medicare) Act 1973, referring matters to the Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions (CDPP) for criminal prosecution. We need staff across Brisbane, Sydney, Canberra, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices. We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to investigations at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels.  Who are we looking for? People with experience in  investigations in government or other sectors , and People with experience in  fraud and entity analysis What will you do? As part of the Investigations Section, you will be part of a team or a team leader at more senior levels assist or lead the following Investigation Team core work: Conduct analysis of suspected fraud cases referred to the team; Conduct investigations into cases of fraud and fraud-related non-compliance for referral of cases to the CDPP, and Raise associated debt; prepare briefs of evidence for the CDPP undertaking search warrants as required. You will enjoy working as part of a team and contributing to the work of the division Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You have some understanding and perhaps experience in taking part in major operations which can include the preparation and execution of search warrants, records of interview, witness statements and briefs of evidence to the CDPP. You will contribute to making sure investigations are conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You will be able to contribute to the development of policy and procedures for the conduct of investigations as required You have some  knowledge and perhaps experience (particularly  those at more senior levels) in  criminal and civil court proceedings You have some understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You hold or a able to complete a certificate iv or diploma in Government Investigations or similar What you need to know Positions are based in Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Canberra or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Negative Vetting Level 1 Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3-APS6 range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Join CFO Advisory and become a clear choice advisor to the finance community Build your career with exposure to challenging engagements, mentoring and ongoing professional development  Love being part of a team focused on wellbeing, offering flexible working to fit your lifestyle KPMG's CFO Advisory practice combines deep industry knowledge with technical accounting and reporting excellence; we partner with CFOs and finance teams to help them meet the challenges of a complex and evolving business environment. Leveraging our firm wide expertise, CFO Advisory offers services including: finance function integration, quality close and reporting, finance process improvements, accounting standards interpretation and implementation advice and transaction structuring and support. With continued growth across CFO Advisory nationally we are now looking to recruit an experienced Manager to join the Melbourne team. You will have the opportunity to - Lead cross functional teams to deliver a variety of services to clients that could include any of the core service offerings within CFO Advisory Manage projects and client deliverables, including drafting client reports and presentations, liaising with management and other external advisors, and developing strong client relationships Ensure engagement timelines and requirements are achieved and delivered at a high standard Train and develop less experienced team members on engagements and help them continue building their career within KPMG You bring to the role: Relevant tertiary qualifications including CA or CPA, with a solid accounting and/or audit background gained in Professional Services Superior problem solving and analytical skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills including reporting writing Excellent research and project management skills and an analytical, curious mindset A positive, collaborative and team focused mindset A client-oriented focus with the ability to build strong client relationships What we offer you: We offer rewarding careers for outstanding professionals, ongoing learning and development opportunities, a collaborative and inclusive culture, and flexible and agile work practices that focus on our people's wellbeing to drive innovation and entrepreneurship. We also believe that our business plays a distinct and vital role in helping solve important social and environmental issues; and use our unique skills and expertise to help create positive and lasting impacts for our communities. We believe diversity of thought, background and experience strengthens relationships and delivers meaningful benefits to our people, our clients and communities. We are consistently recognised as an employer of choice for women, and our inclusive culture promotes the development of our people irrespective of gender, ethnicity, generation, flexible work status, family circumstances, sexual orientation or disability. Next steps are to apply online and submit your resume and cover letter. For further information regarding this role or careers with CFO Advisory, please contact Jessica on 02 9455 9871. 
Our clients are a well known Accounting practice with many regional offices located across Australia who employ over 1000 members of staff and continue growing at a rapid rate. Due to the retirement of a long serving member of staff after 40 years service a vacancy has become available for a senior Accountant within a regional office located in Kalgoorlie. The vacancy will require the successful candidate to work within a team of 5 Accountants in a regional office and report into 2 partners located in other regional offices. Some of the duties within this role will be to mentor junior staff, Complete to a high standard your own work load within Tax and Business services Accounting, Business develop and be very much hands on, Attend client meetings in the local area also to complete duties such as Company, Trusts, Partnerships and returns. To apply for this fantastic vacancy you will need to be degree and part or fully CA or CPA qualified, Have experience at senior accountant level, Have at least 3 years experience within public practice Accounting in Australia, Be an Australian citizen or resident visa holder, Have excellent communication skills, Be already living in the local area of Kalgoorlie or willing to relocate. In return the successful candidate will receive a salary of up to $90,000 + Super + Relocation allowance + Rental allowance, Fantastic career development with a national practice, Regular salary reviews and on-going support, Gain experience working close to the Partners, Excellent promotion prospects into a management role. Please email your resume to andy@¦show email or for a confidential chat please call Andy on 0455¦show number . 
The Company Based on the eastern fringe of the CBD our client is a well established, highly regarded and strong performing organisation in the retail sector. Market leaders in a number of market segments, they continue to grow both organically and through acquisition. They place strong emphasis on the development of their staff and maintaining a positive and sustainable business culture. The Role Reporting directly to a Senior Financial Accountant and working closely with the Financial Controller, this is an exciting opportunity to transfer your skills developed whilst working in a business services role and apply them in an industry based position. You will also substantially develop your Financial and Management Accounting skills, as well as business partner with operations. Assist with the budgeting ad forecasting process. Assist with the Preparation of monthly cash flow forecasts. Prepare and review of balance sheet and GL reconciliations Preparation and submission of FBT, BAS and Income Tax return Monthly GST returns. Group consolidations. Partner with operations. Identifying areas for process improvement.  The  Successful candidate With a relevant business degree, you will ideally be CA / CPA qualified. You will have 3 - 4 years experience working in a Business Services role within either a Big 4,  mid-tier or highly regarded boutique firm. You will be excited by the prospect of further developing your skills and will have a long-term career focus. You will have strong written and verbal communication skills and will be capable of building strong working relationships with a variety of stakeholders across the business. Strong Excel and systems skills will give you the best possible chance of success in this role. Please apply immediately or visit www.pattisonandwalker.com.au for additional opportunities. 
Located in the West Perth area our Clients are a highly regarded and very successful Chartered Accountancy practice with several partners and around 25 members of staff. The firm enjoys a large and ever growing Client base from industries such as Mining, Oil and Gas, Retail, Health, I.T, Farming and much more in which the practice offers services such as Taxation and Business services advice, Financial planning, SMSF. Due to growth within the practice the Partners are now looking to add to their already successful team with an Intermediate Accountant. The role will see the successful candidate working within the Tax or Business services team alongside other Intermediate and Senior Accountants reporting into a highly experienced manager. Just some of the duties you will be asked to complete are Trusts, Partnerships, Companies and individual returns, BAS, Financial reports as well as many other various duties. To apply for this fantastic vacancy you will need between 2 to 5 years experience as an Accountant in public practice within Australia, Part or fully CPA or CA qualified, Excellent communication skills, Be able to work as part of a team to deliver a high standard of work to clients, Be willing to learn and develop your career further as an Accountant. In return the successful candidate will receive a salary of between $55k to $70k plus super, Exam and study leave, On-Going training and career development from highly experienced Managers, A set career path into a senior role, Regular salary reviews, Social events all within a modern and growing Accounting practice. 
 Some opportunity to work from home! Not just bookkeeping “ exposure to SMSF accounting High level of client contact   The Firm This CBD based practice, employs only 9 full time staff, promoting a close team and strong career development. Recognising the need to provide above and beyond service, the firm provides full services to clients from bookkeeping to business services and Self-Managed Super Fund's. The firm places great emphasis on staff development at any level. The firm has a large client base, including those of a 2nd Tier firm, and will involve great exposure to various entity types.   The Role Working as the firm's sole bookkeeper, you will have a high level of client contact. You will work in the office, however will also spend time on client premises. There is also some opportunity to work from home! Your duties will include: Installation and set up of new software (primarily Xero), at clients' premises High level of client contact- Resolution of software issues, and general processing queries End to end bookkeeping Bank Reconciliations Preparation of BAS & IAS's Payroll Preparation of reports to provide to accountants, for End of Year Tax Returns & Financial Statements Assisting accountants and the partner with SMSF Accounting work, as required   The Individual A suitable candidate will possess: Bookkeeping experience in an Australian based Accounting firm Experience with BGL 360 & Xero (preferred) Prior experience handling a variety of clients  Ability to take source data and complete financial statements, BAS and IAS for various clients Ability to prepare Management Reports and Financial Statements as required by accountants Exceptional communication skills - both written & verbal   Benefits Not just a bookkeeping role “ exposure to SMSF accounting Some opportunity to work from home Modern offices Small team Mentoring, training and support regularly provided CBD location- close to public transport, cafÃ©'s, and restaurants   How to Apply Click APPLY For further information please contact Andrew McNamara B.Bus (Acc) CPA on direct line 07 3009 6409 or 0407 035 808 or andrew@mwrecruitment.com.au 
 Brisbane northside accounting firm - one of the largest in the northern suburbs Friendly team environment offering excellent ongoing training Competitive salary - in line with the salary you would earn working in the CBD Mix of clients from different industry sectors Full financial support for CA/CPA studies   The firm & role Our client is one of the largest in the northern suburbs and provides its clients with a full range of tax compliance, tax and business advisory and superannuation/wealth creation services.  Working closely with a manager and partner, you will assist with tax compliance for a variety of SME clients.The firm has an excellent reputation and, as you progress, you will be given lots of scope to gain exposure to more complex work and client contact, ensuring that you will continue to learn.     Required experience In order to be suitable you will: possess 2-4 years public practice experience in business services and tax - preparing tax returns/financial statements for business entities;  have excellent communication and interpersonal skills; and have a strong work ethic and be keen to get ahead in your accounting career in practice.     Contact Get in touch to express your interest in this position “ e-mail your resume to adrian@bentleyrecruitment.com.au or contact Adrian on: 3229 8020. 
 Our client has a new career opportunity for an Accountant / Financial Controller to join the team at a medium-sized Electrical Engineering and Construction Management company. The business operates within the industrial sector, specialising in technology-based services for rail, ports, materials handling, mining, and refining industries. Based from their Head Office in Brisbane's Northern Suburbs, this is a professional, successful business who offer the opportunity to work with a team of passionate, committed industry experts. The Opportunity This is a Permanent Part-Time opportunity as the Accountant / Financial Controller, working closely with the companies Office Manager and Director. This is a position best suited to someone who is passionate and enjoys all facets of general accounting practices. The successful candidate will be a meticulous professional with the confidence and experience to confidently oversee the organisations finances, day to day responsibilities will see you utilising Xero and undertaking the following tasks: Processing company accounts payable / receivables Bank reconciliations Payroll - 50 plus employees across blue and white collar sectors Monitoring cash flow, expenditure and revenue Financial and management reporting including budgets, cashflow and invoicing reports Benefits This is a key role within the team where your contributions to the business will be highly valued and rewarded. Within this position, you can expect to enjoy the following benefits and working conditions: Regular working schedule in a permanent part time position, flexible hours ie 9am - 2:30pm Enjoy working in a friendly, close knit team Diverse and rewarding range of work Growing business with long term opportunity Salary range will be dependant on the successful candidate's experience What we are looking for? The successful candidate for this position will be highly organised, passionate and enjoy contributing to the successful administrative operations of a company. You will also bring the following skills and attributes: Proven experience using XERO and project management software Demonstrate working experience in finance and administration management Advanced ability in XERO, bookkeeping and accounting procedures Experience in Accounts Payable / Receivable and Payroll processes, within a trades/construction industry (preferred) Strong understanding of P&L/BS and cashflow management Financial and management reporting, interpreting financial data and assisting management in decision making Attention to detail, with an eye to streamline business procedures Demonstrated ability to use own initiative and ensure demands and deadlines are met The successful candidate for this position will have excellent phone manner, written and verbal communication skills as you will be representing the company whilst communicating with a range of customers, builders and suppliers. To register your interest in joining this growing business please Apply Now using the prompts, please direct any enquiries to Add Staff on 1300 365 606. 
 A fantastic opportunity to join the local management team of a large & growing international Property Investment business as the Australian Finance Manager responsible for all aspects of Finance for the Australian Investment portfolio.      This is an ideal opportunity for someone seeking to do more than fund accounting and to play an active role in working with Asset Management and Deal team. The role will have overall responsibility for all core accounting and asset and portfolio level performance reporting for their assigned investments. To manage all stakeholders: internal and external service providers, reviewing their work and provide financial support to the Asset managers and deal team. Key responsibilities will include: Management Accounting & Budgeting: Responsible for the timely and accurate preparation of the monthly/quarterly management accounts and other financial information for assigned funds, including: - Ensuring the fund month/quarter end timetables are published and met by all participants. Prepare consolidated management accounts, cash flow statements and bank balance analysis, resolving any issues. Assist the Director in the preparation of investor and lender financial/performance reporting, providing commentary and variance analysis as required and managing quarterly distributions. Assist and work with asset management team in setting and implementing the annual budgeting requirements and timetable for fund. Coordinate preparation of corporate cost budgets for all entities in the fund structure and ensure these are accrued in the quarterly accounts.  Financial accounting: responsible for coordinating preparation and audit of the consolidated fund and individual companies' financials (annual and half yearly, as appropriate). This includes: - preparing and managing the timetable for preparation and audit of the financial statements, ensuring all financial statements are signed off within required deadlines; Coordinating the audit at portfolio, holding company and individual company audit progress; assisting and advising local teams in resolving audit queries as necessary, ensuring local audits are completed on time, within budget and with minimal issues or adjustments; Reviewing the audit pack prepared by all participants (local team, asset managers, lawyers, tax, etc.) for all companies for completeness and to minimise delays, ensuring all information requested in advance or reasonably expected to be required by the auditors are included; Preparing the fund consolidated financial statements ensuring they are correctly prepared under IFRS, with supporting working papers. Perform high level review of local companies' financial statements prepared by local teams, ensuring they are correctly prepared under IFRS (or local GAAP if required); Providing IFRS guidance to local teams, staying abreast of IFRS and other developments relevant to assigned funds, in order that these are appropriately planned for; Preparing and/or assisting fund/asset management with the financial aspects of bank reporting to lenders.  Tax: The role has overall responsibility for timely and accurate submission and payment of all taxes. Maintain record of all tax filing and payment requirements applicable to each entity in the structure; Responsibility and oversight for preparation of local GST and income tax returns, ensure they are filed and paid. Manage preparation of local corporation tax estimates and ensure accruals are booked, and for the purpose of the financial statements work with the tax advisers to ensure accurate and timely preparation and filing of the annual returns. Ad hoc tasks: Provide financial expertise and guidance to the fund/asset management team on all financial matters; continually seek to identify and implement process and control improvements which promote greater efficiency and/or accuracy.    Qualifications / Experience: At least 3 years post-qualified “ CA/CPA At least 2 years Real Estate or Infrastructure Trust Accounting experience. Educated to degree level in a relevant discipline. Strong interpersonal skills with ability to communicate with management team and colleagues in other functions and other Asia Pacific offices. Ability to work autonomously in a broad, commercial role. Please click below to apply online, or send your resume to Iain@intuitiverecruitment.com.au or call on 0412485110 to discuss further. 
The Company Based on the eastern fringe of the CBD our client is a well established, highly regarded and strong performing organisation in the retail sector. Market leaders in a number of market segments, they continue to grow both organically and through acquisition. They place strong emphasis on the development of their staff and maintaining a positive and sustainable business culture. The Role Reporting directly to a Senior Financial Accountant and working closely with the Financial Controller, this is an exciting opportunity to transfer your skills developed whilst working in a business services role and apply them in an industry based position. You will also substantially develop your Financial and Management Accounting skills, as well as business partner with operations. Assist with the budgeting ad forecasting process. Assist with the Preparation of monthly cash flow forecasts. Prepare and review of balance sheet and GL reconciliations Preparation and submission of FBT, BAS and Income Tax return Monthly GST returns. Group consolidations. Partner with operations. Identifying areas for process improvement.  The  Successful candidate With a relevant business degree, you will ideally be CA / CPA qualified. You will have 3 - 4 years experience working in a Business Services role within either a Big 4,  mid-tier or highly regarded boutique firm. You will be excited by the prospect of further developing your skills and will have a long-term career focus. You will have strong written and verbal communication skills and will be capable of building strong working relationships with a variety of stakeholders across the business. Strong Excel and systems skills will give you the best possible chance of success in this role. Please apply immediately or send your CV directly to cameron@pattisonandwalker.com.au 
All 4 People are currently recruiting for our Clients Tax and Business services Accounting practice located just outside Perth CBD. The practice has 3 Partners and over 20 staff with a large and well established client base from varied industries across Western Australia and beyond. Due to growth within the practice the Partners would now like to recruit a senior Tax or Business services Accountant to join their already successful team. This vacancy will require a large amount of Client contact to build business relationships and work with the Clients to provide outstanding services within Business services and Taxation advice with the added responsibility to mentor one or two junior staff within the Business services team. To apply for this fantastic vacancy you will to have 4 or more years experience as an Accountant in public practice within Australia, Be fully or close to completion of C.A or CPA, Hold excellent communication skills (Written and verbal), Be an Australian citizen or hold a valid full work right P.R visa. The successful candidate will receive a salary of up to $85k plus super, A fantastic bonus scheme, Regular salary reviews and on - going training, Excellent promotion prospects into a Manager role, Regular social events, Modern offices. To apply please email your cv to andy@all4people.com or for a confidential chat please call Andy on 0455501177. 
 The Opportunity  Our client is an outgoing and growing Boutique law firm now looking to offer an experienced Accounts Clerk / Bookkeeper the opportunity to join their team on a part time basis.  This is a stand alone role requiring you to manage all aspects of the firm's finance and report to the firm's friendly managing director. Ideal Candidate The ideal candidate will have: At least 4 years experience as an Accounts Clerk although more experienced candidates are strongly encouraged to apply; experience with managing office & trust accounts, controlled money accounts, payroll, employee expenses, accounts receivable and accounts payable, GST, BAS, and reporting to external accountants; and Experience with LEAP and Xero (but not essential); Any experience in a law firm will be highly regarded. On Offer On offer to the successful applicant is the opportunity to work part time within a friendly boutique firm who will value and respect your contribution to the firm's ongoing and future success. To Apply To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below.  Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Crystal on 0438 121 330 or email crystal@gatehouselegal.com.au. 
   At The Star Sydney we have just one mission “ to thrill. That's why we have 'All-Star' chefs and restaurants, brilliant bars, luxurious accommodation, nightclubs and high-end fashion. And, of course, our world-class casino! Working at The Star brings some great benefits, including generous discounts at our hotels, bars & restaurants, lunch provided daily, free light rail, discounted parking and more. What does a day in the life of a Cash Services Supervisor look like?  Exchanging cash and cash equivalents with currency or chips Exchanging gaming chips for cash Receive cash, cash equivalents, patron cheques, counter cheques and gaming chips from patrons in exchange for chip purchase vouchers, deposit slips or the redemption of patron cheques  Receiving cash and documentation from Casino Cashiers, change booths, count rooms, non-gaming floats and other operating areas within the facility Establishing and processing cheque-cashing facilities and assisting with the Patron Accounts department Verify daily bank deposits  Verifying the Main Bank inventory of cash Ensuring compliance in relation to the International Rebate Business Assisting with people management (e.g. coordinating staff requirements, supervising, training, encouraging positive working relationships, setting daily performance objectives for cashiers etc.) Ideal candidates will have the following skills and experience: Previous supervisory experience within a Cash Services environment Knowledge of cage, count, patron account and AML/CTF procedures is beneficial Face to face guest service experience with a genuine interest in meeting guest needs Demonstrated exposure to working in a fast paced environment, reflecting excellent time management skills Availability to work on a permanent full-time basis, operating in a 24/7 shift work environment. Strong numerical skills with a keen eye for detail If you are passionate about driving exceptional customer service, enjoy motivating a team, and have previous banking experience we look forward to hearing from you! 
 Financial Controller Our purpose is to deliver a dynamic range of welfare and lifestyle benefits and services to Royal Australian Navy members.   Navy Canteens, a not for profit and corporate Commonwealth entity,  operates food and beverage operations at Naval establishments throughout Australia.  Other than operating canteens, cafes and bars. Navy Canteens operates three holiday parks, an online merchandise store and an entertainment ticketing service. We are currently looking for an experienced and professional Financial Controller to join our team based at Campbell Park Offices in Canberra. This is a newly created role.  Reporting to the the CFO, this role will take a proactive role in the operation of the Navy Canteens Financial functions. The Financial Controller performs a range of routine and non-routine tasks including (but not limited to) the following: Manage the company's financial reporting obligations, with responsibility for preparation of monthly management accounts and full year financial report. Management of the taxation obligations including PAYG, FBT & BAS. Maintain and strengthen internal controls including review of finance policies and procedures to ensure continuous improvement and relevant practices. Oversee finance systems managing transactional flows from source through interfaces to the general ledger. Manage all accounting operations including, but not limited to, AP, AR, maintenance of the Asset Register. Ensure responses to ad-hoc requests for financial related information are appropriately delivered. Requirements: Accounting Degree is essential. Qualification with 3 years experience within government is preferred with experience using CBMS. Selection Criteria: Developed financial/management accounting background Strong analytical skills with a detail-oriented approach A flexible and pro-active attitude, and demonstrated initiative in achieving assigned goals as the role grows with the business Strong financial modelling and Excel skills Clear and concise communication skills, using judgement and discretion, and the ability to communicate with people at various levels Strong organisation and workload management skills, including the ability to prioritise work and reprioritise when necessary to adapt to constant (and often conflicting) demands Due to security requirements the successful applicant will need to be an Australian Citizen or Resident, and be able to obtain a Defence Baseline Security Clearance. Free parking is available.  Salary to be negotiated with the successful applicant. Please apply by submitting your resume and a 2 page cover letter addressing the selection criteria above - via the 'Apply' button. Email contact: recruitment@navycanteens.com.au Applications close:  Friday 27 April  www.navycanteens.com.au     
 ASSISTING IN HOUSE ACOUNTANT ENTERING DATA PAYMENTS,INVOICING,SHIPMENT PI & PO LIAISING NEED SOMEONE WILLING TO LEARN MOTIVATED AND CAN SPEAK MANDARINE (CHINESE) AND HAVE SOME EXPERIENCE  
 If you are a fresh accounting graduate or going to complete your degree soon from Uni or TAFE or newly migrated in Australia as an accountant but need local work experience then this is the excellent opportunity to kick start your accounting career from here. CPA Accountants & Certified Trainer will be your mentor. As a result, you will learn from the best in the industry. You will have practical Work experience with real client's data. The area of experience you will gain during the internship period: - Payroll System (XERO & MYOB) - Accounts Payable  - Accounts Receivable  - Bank Reconciliation - Financial Reports - BAS/GST Calculation & Reports - Bookkeeping (MYOB & XERO) - Simple to complex Tax Return for Individual & Business clients You will get software training (XERO, MYOB, Handi Tax) and also an application of the software with real work as we are looking after our individual & business client's accounts. Requirements Newly Migrated people No local work experience in accounting Fresh graduate unless Local or International students Those accountants who are doing odd jobs or other work, they can get work experience Benefits: After successful completion of this Real Work Experience you will be able to be a self-starter in any organisation. Few more things need to know about this position: - 3 month position - Weekdays & Weekends position available - International student visa holder also eligible to apply for this position -You will get reference after successful completion of the practical work experience - Only selected candidate will be contacted as we have limited positions only. Send your resume now for this position: 
 About the Company A unique opportunity exists for an enthusiastic and motivated individual with a strong interest in providing financial consolidation and reporting within an ASX listed environment. Based in the CBD, this company's employee's are passionate about the business and it boasts a working culture second to none. About the Role This is a great opportunity to build on your experience as a Financial Accountant. The has a great platform for training and you will gain experience working for a well-known global organisation The role will be responsible for the following: Preparation of Statutory reports (USGAAP, IFRS) Bank Reconciliations General ledger reconciliations Foreign exchange Tax return preparation as well as BAS Budget analysis Valuation of Assets Cash flow preparation Liaise with multiple stakeholders such as senior management, legal, treasury and auditors About you: To be successful in this role you will CA/CPA qualified with over 5 years experience Be able to communicate well with multiple stakeholders Have strong time management and be able to manage multiple deadlines You will be able to work autonomously and part of a team Have experience in accounting for Trusts Strong excel skils The benefits Opportunity to work for well known global player Great salary on offer Work for an employer who value their staff Bonus on offer To apply, click the link and upload your current resume in word format. If you would like to have a confidential discussion, please contact Skye Veivers on 07 3023 1003, quoting ref no. JO-1804-88511. Want to know more about Davidson? Visit us at www.davidsonwp.com 
 Winner Partnership is a young and growing integrated financial services firm located in the Sydney CBD offering Accounting & Tax, Financial Planning and Business Advice to small/ medium sized business. We have an opportunity for an exceptional accounting graduate to develop into the most consummate professional in the field.  You must love accounting.  You must love client interaction including answering the phone and dealing with various correspondence from clients and the ATO. You will start with a solid foundation in bookkeeping and office administration before we give you more accounting and tax work.  You will hone your skills by working on a variety of interesting clients.  You must have superior problem solving/ lateral thinking skills.  You must be very analytical and methodical and pay particular attention to detail.  Equally you must have excellent interpersonal and communication (written and oral) skills.       You will be provided with regular professional training to develop your knowledge and expertise.  We support further study and expect that the successful candidate will also continue with professional development through a CPA program.  Furthermore, you will learn skills like assertive communication, team management and leadership.  This is a permanent full time role for a passionate, committed and bright accounting graduate.   You will be reporting to the Practice Manager and initially your role will focus on accounting & tax including: Data entry and bookkeeping for companies, sole traders and trusts using MYOB, Xero and Excel Bank reconciliations, posting journals and analyzing data and producing reports. Preparation of Income Tax Returns. Completion of various Compliance Forms eg. IAS & BAS. Administration work: answer the phone and deal with ATO correspondence Your cover letter must include: Why do you believe you are the right fit for our firm? Example of where you really got to use interpersonal and communication (listening & speaking) skills in a situation. Example of where you got to use your problem solving/ analytical/ lateral thinking skills. What you believe are your strengths and weaknesses? How any prior work experience or transferable skills will be relevant to this role? To apply for the Graduate Accountant/ Management Traineeship position please email your cover letter, resume and academic transcript to: reception@winnerpartnership.com. Only candidates eligible for full time permanent work in Australia may apply.  Minimum IELTS score of 8.  Please note that we will only reply to candidates that fit our role criteria.  We will not answer any calls without an emailed resume. If we believe you are eligible for an interview, we will call you.   Susan Wahhab Winner Partnership Pty Ltd 
 The Personnel Connection is a boutique Recruitment agency who supply both permanent and Temporary staff to our clients across Sydney since opening in 2000. We are recruiting for a firm of Chartered Accountants based on the Upper North Shore of Sydney, who are wanting to engage an experienced Public Accountant. Well-appointed offices across the road from a suburban station. Leafy surrounds and a bustling village shopping centre filled with cafes, and a variety of up-market shops. The practice offers accounting, financial planning and auditing services to high-wealth individuals, NFP organizations as well as the general business community. Staff turn-over in the practice is very low, this vacancy has come about due to the pending retirement of a much-loved person who is leaving at the end of the financial year after many years of service. The structure of the practice is very flat, with the three partners all having their own areas of specialty and integrating with their team on both a personal and business level. You will be part of a team of eight who all get on very well, where you will be preparing tax returns for individuals, family trusts as well as SMFs. The work is geared so that when you get an assignment is it yours from start to finish. It is not often that you are required to work late. However, times are flexible and you may choose to start later or earlier. You are not working to KPI's but are expected to meet deadlines. We are looking for someone with public Accounting experience. Whilst accounting qualifications are desirable, you proven experience is what we are after. This is not an entry level role and applications of recent graduates will not be considered. The package on offer is dependent on your skills. Please either submit your application on line or call us for a confidential discussion on (02) 99870155   
 We are currently seeking the services of a Senior Accounts Clerk to join our Finance team located in our Head Office in Parramatta. Reporting to the Finance & Commercial Manager you will be working in a fast paced environment where attention to detail is of the utmost importance together with the ability to take ownership and accountability for your role.  The role will assist with all financial reporting requirements and assist with insightful analysis of business financial performance. Duties will include: Management Payroll Preparation of financial reports “ monthly, quarterly and yearly Budget and Forecast preparation, input and analysis Assist with financial and profitability analysis and producing performance reports The successful candidate will possess the following qualities: Tertiary qualified in Australia - either in Accounting or Finance with CA/CPA qualifications Demonstrated solid financial analysis skills and sound commercial understanding Advanced Excel skills Minimum 2 years related work experience Exceptional verbal and written communication skills  Experience in the contract catering industry would be highly regarded  About Cater Care Cater Care is one of Australia's leading providers of contract catering, accommodation and facility management services. 100% Australian owned, we operate in a wide range of industries, providing support services to a varied client base throughout Australia. Employing over 2000 people, we're proud to acknowledge that our continuing success is built on the efforts of our reliable and dedicated employees who demonstrate our values of Care, Pride and Community in all that they do. This is an exciting time to join Cater Care - if you are confident that your skills and experience satisfy the above criteria and you are interested in further developing your career, we look forward to receiving your application. Applications should include a cover letter as well as an up-to-date resume. Cater Care values workplace diversity and encourages Indigenous people to apply for our positions   
 Located near Leederville and established for over 17 years our Clients are a highly successful Accounting practice with several Partners and around 10 staff with further expansion plans and success the practice now requires an experienced Intermediate or Senior Accountant to join their very successful team. The practice offers their Clients services within Taxation and Business services as well as Financial planning and SMSF services to a large and varied Client base from across Western Australia. The successful candidate will be joining an friendly team of Graduate, Intermediate and senior Accountants reporting Directly into the Manager and you will be asked to mentor junior staff, Produce a high standard of work within Partnerships, Trusts, Companies, Sole traders, Prepare Financial statements, BAS, FBT and Income Tax, SMSF with exposure to Clients. To apply for this fantastic vacancy you will need to be fully C.A or CPA qualified or close to completion, Have 4 or more years of experience within Australia in Public practice Accounting, Excellent communication skills and want a Career rather then just a job! If you have Xero or Class super software experience this would be an advantage but not essential. In return the successful candidate will receive an above average Salary (Negotiable and depending on experience and qualifications), Outstanding promotion prospects, Free car parking, Be part of a happy and very successful team with fantastic Partners that will reward and respect you for your hard work. 
 Make the switch from Audit or Accounting into Advisory and consult to CFOs and finance teams Work alongside a talented and professional team who inspires you to keep learning everyday Supportive, social and collaborative group focused on employee wellbeing and workplace flexibility KPMG is one of the most trusted and respected global professional services firms. Through depth of expertise, clarity of insight and strength of purpose we help our clients solve complex challenges, steer change, strengthen, transition and grow. We are looking for talented people who share our purpose of inspiring confidence and empowering change for our clients, our people and our communities. Leveraging our firm wide experience and expertise to support CFOs and finance teams, CFO Advisory offers services including: financial and regulatory reporting, transaction structuring and support, finance function integration, process improvements and accounting standards interpretation and implementation advice. We combine deep industry knowledge with technical excellence to help CFOs and finance teams meet the challenges of today's complex and evolving business environment. Your new role: With continued growth we are now looking to recruit a Senior Accountant or Assistant Manager into the CFO Advisory Melbourne practice. You will have the opportunity to - Work with a diverse client portfolio including CFOs and finance  across leading organisations to provide essential advice on technical accounting and finance improvement matters across any of the core service offerings within CFO Advisory Deliver engagement fieldwork which involves strong technical accounting knowledge, an understanding of client needs, project management skills and close communication with Partners and clients Mentor, train and develop other less experienced engagement team members providing guidance on how to develop their skillset You bring to the role Relevant tertiary qualifications including CA or CPA, with a solid accounting and/or audit background gained in Professional Services Well-developed problem solving and analytical skills Strong written and verbal communication skills including reporting writing Excellent research and project management skills and an analytical, curious mindset A positive, collaborative and team focused approach with an enthusiasm for continued learning and development A client-oriented focus with the ability to build strong client relationships What we offer you We offer rewarding careers for outstanding professionals, ongoing learning and development opportunities, a collaborative and inclusive culture, and flexible and agile work practices that focus on our people's wellbeing and drive innovation and entrepreneurship. We also believe that our business plays a distinct and vital role in helping solve important social and environmental issues; and we use our unique skills and expertise to help create positive and lasting impacts for our communities. We believe diversity of thought, background and experience strengthens relationships and delivers meaningful benefits to our people, our clients and communities. We are consistently recognised as an employer of choice for women, and our inclusive culture promotes the development of our people irrespective of gender, ethnicity, generation, flexible work status, family circumstances, sexual orientation or disability. To be considered for this role, please apply online by submitting your confidential application including an up to date resume and cover letter. For further information regarding the role or careers with CFO Advisory, please contact Jessica on 02 9455 9871. 
 Emerging Australian tungsten developer, Tungsten Mining NL is an Australian based resources company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange. The Company's prime focus is the exploration and development of tungsten projects in Australia. An opportunity has become available for an experienced Management Accountant to join the small finance team.  Based in West Perth and reporting to the Group Financial Controller, this is a hands-on role which will primarily be responsible for the delivery of timely and accurate management reporting and providing support to the project development team. The role will perform and be involved in the following; Month end processes and reports; Statutory returns and reports, including FBT, Payroll tax and BAS administration; Assist in the implementation of a new accounting system; Process Payroll; Transactional accounts; Monitor and report on R&D expenditure; and Project costing and controls. To be considered for this role, candidates will be; Tertiary Qualified in Accounting, Finance or a business related field; Have completed/or completing CA/CPA (highly regarded); A minimum of 3+ years post grad experiences in a similar role within a commercial environment; and Be a proficient excel and accounting software user (experience in the use of MYOB and implementation of a new accounting system would be highly regarded). Candidates who have worked in mining / exploration or project development (engineering / construction) will be highly regarded, but not essential. The role will provide the successful applicant with the opportunity to work as part of a small professional team, and to grow with the Company during the exciting project development phase.  The role will be engaged for a temporary period (12 months) with the potential for ongoing permanent employment. Eligibility: Candidates must be eligible to work in Australia without sponsorship. Only direct applications will be considered for this role.  Candidates who are presented to the Company by a recruitment consultancy will not be considered. To be considered for the role, please forward your resume and a covering letter in confidence by following the APPLY NOW PROMPTS.  Shortlisting will commence immediately. Don't miss the opportunity to be involved in this exciting phase of our growth.  www.tunsgtenmining.com     
Small friendly CPA office is seeking a degree qualified Business Services Accountant. St Kilda Rd location with public transport at the door, FREE Gym This is an excellent opportunity for a degree qualified and experienced Business Services Accountant, preferably with CPA/CA (or studying towards), with at least 3-5 years (or more) working experience with an Accounting firm. 7 things to note about the role: 1) Leading boutique Accounting firm 2) St Kilda Rd location, public transport at front door 3) On-site Gym with free access to all of the facilities 4) Great work-life balance, excellent hours 5) Direct client contact 6) Friendly environment 7) An immediate start is available Working directly with the Partner, this is a hands-on role; it will suit a mature minded person that is proficient in providing feedback on areas of financial and business improvement to the client, and you will be in charge of each job from start to finish with direct communication with the client. The purpose of the role is to prepare financials/tax returns for business client groups, companies, super funds and trusts to a varied client base. (There is no BAS or individual PAYG returns). Salary: Circa $75,000 + Super (depending on skills and experience) Software: MYOB Accountants Office (AO), BGL CAS, BGL Simple Fund. Personal qualities: Experienced, talented, motivated, lateral thinker with initiative Sound technical and software knowledge Ability to successfully manage client relationships Effective communication is vital to this role; a good command of English, both written and verbal High level of attention to detail is essential In your cover letter, please outline why you are the person for this role including your relevant experience and qualifications. To view more jobs, please visit our Website: www.recruitme.net.au 
 About the business We are servicing the bookkeeping and taxation needs of individuals and small businesses in a variety of industries. Seeking for a motivated and experienced individual to join the team in a full time position within a growing business.   About the role You will be expected to attend to administrative duties such as answering telephone, reception desk, diary management, client greeting. Prepare individual tax returns and superannuation claims. Coaching and mentoring junior staff Identifying opportunities for improved efficiencies and resolving client issues Bookkeeping, data entry, payroll, BAS preparation, ATO and superannuation compliance, tax return preparation, financials preparation. Skills and experience Accounting and bookkeeping qualifications; High level of written and verbal communication skills Fluent Portuguese or Spanish Previous local bookkeeping and accounting experience Experience in tax return preparation for individuals The applicant must be well organised and able to work without supervision Excellent communication and 'people skills' Excel, MYOB, xero, Quickbooks is desirable. 
 We are an established Bookkeeping Business that offers services to small and medium size businesses to help them stay on top of finances. We have a vacancy for a BAS Agent who has attention to detail to work within our practice.  We offer a personalised service to each client and therefore seek a BAS Agent with these very same qualities. Located in Brunswick and close to fabulous coffee shops this position will be responsible for but not limited to Maintaining all client's data using Xero, MYOB and QuickBooks, Hubdocs Verifying source documents such as invoices and receipts Allocating and posting financial transactions to the clients accounting software Reconciling and balancing all accounts Collating, analysing accounting data and generating financial reports Maintaining internal control systems Managing Accounts Payable and Receivable Payroll Complying with relevant reporting requirements Assisting with budget preparation, cashflow and audits for clients Preparing BAS statements monthly or quarterly Preparing and lodging Superannuation, PSAR and TPAR The BAS Agent must be competent in all the above, have an eye for detail when checking the bookkeepers and clients work and then be able prepare the BAS. The BAS Agent will also complete bookkeeping functions.  There may be some work at client's premises. BAS duties will also ensure that all financial records are completed timely for end of financial year tax returns by the Accountants. This is an employee paid position that offers parking on site. To be Successful You will have a minimum Cert IV in Bookkeeping or Accounting Minimum of 3 years bookkeeping experience Be a Registered BAS Agent with at least 12 months experience Current membership to a Professional Organisation Knowledge of bookkeeping practices, principles and procedures Be familiar with relevant legislation and regulatory requirements Experienced with Xero, MYOB and /or QuickBooks Able to maintain CPE and BAS registration Be conscientious and hardworking, with the ability to work towards strict deadlines Able to problem solve Advanced skills in excel Have completed either Xero or QBO Certification Show a positive attitude to taking on work and being proactive High standard of professionalism Be able to work in a team environment Be fluent in written and spoken English Must have a driver's licence and reliable vehicle   If you have a strong business mind, conscientious, possess strong people skills, have an eye for detail, highly organised and are flexible and adaptable in your work approach please apply as follows: Email info@shapedbusiness.com.au a covering letter outlining your experience along with a copy of your resume.  Please include your BAS Agent registration number in your application. All applicants will be expected to take a skills test.  You must have the right to work in Australia to apply for this position. Only successful applicants will be contacted. 
 About Hall & Wilcox Hall & Wilcox is a pre-eminent independent business law firm with one of the fastest growing partnerships in Australia. We are currently a firm of more than 600 people, including 73 partners. We have offices in Melbourne, Sydney, Newcastle, Canberra, Perth and Brisbane and act nationally for Australian-based clients and multinational clients with Australian interests. Our leadership team was recognised by winning Managing Partner of the Year at the 2015 and 2017 Australian Law Awards. About the role and team We have an exciting opportunity for an Accounts Payable Officer to join our national Finance team based in Brisbane. Working closely with our Accounts Payable Team Leader, you will assist with the firm's end to end accounts payable function. Duties high volume end to end accounts payable processing including; vendor creation and maintenance, processing of invoices (approx 2500 per month), preparation of cheques and EFT requests, and producing remittance advices manage petty cash and CabCharge vouchers nationally reconciliation of corporate credit cards reconciliation of employee expense reimbursements month-end reconciliations for vendor statements and outstanding invoices maintenance of electronic and paper filing process improvement Skills and experience minimum 3 years' experience in an accounts payable role preferably within professional services experience processing a high volume of accounts payable strong customer service focus with excellent communication skills ability to work under pressure in a fast paced role excellent organisation skills with the ability to plan and prioritise strong attention to detail Culture At Hall & Wilcox, we practise Smarter Law. This means being smarter across our entire business “ by being progressive, by our commitment to excellence and by our focus on building great relationships.We have a strong values-driven culture - our clients and people choose to work with us because of it. We care about our clients, our community and each other. Whether it be our technology or our business focused approach to the practise of law, we strive to change the legal market for the better. We work hard but we also have fun. Benefits modern, open plan offices structured learning & development programs for all career levels extensive health & wellbeing program including healthy start breakfast program, mindfulness training subsidised fitness, team sports and health checks flexible working opportunities “ talk to us about how this role could be flexible for you salary continuance insurance. How to apply If this sounds like a role you're suited to, we would love to receive your application by applying through our website above. Should you wish to have a discussion before applying for the opportunity, please get in contact with Melanie James, People & Culture Manager on 02 8¦show number Recruiters please note: Applications from Recruitment Agencies not briefed will not be accepted for this advertised position. For further information about Hall & Wilcox please visit our website. 
Located close to Joondalup in the northern suburbs of Perth our client is a very successful and well established Tax and Business services Accounting practice with 6 members of staff and a principle. The practice has a large client base from across Western Australia and offer services such as tax and business advisory, SMSF. A vacancy has become available for an intermediate or senior accountant to join this already successful team. The successful candidate will work within tax and business services on tasks such as trusts, Partnerships, Companies, Individual returns and SMSF duties. To apply for this fantastic vacancy you will need to be degree and part or fully CA or CPA qualified, have 5 or more years experience as an accountant within public practice accounting in Australia, Be experienced with MYOB AO, XERO and BGL 360 simple fund and have very good communication skills, Ideally already living in the northern suburbs of Perth. Please note - This vacancy is a full time role but the working hours are across 4 days instead of 5 (Mon-Fri) so the successful candidate will receive an extra day off every week! The successful candidate will receive a salary of up to $80,000 + Super (Depending on experience and qualifications), Full time hours over 4 days per week, Friendly team in a great office location, On-Going training and support. To apply please email your resume to andy@all4people.com or for a confidential chat please call Andy on 0455501177. 
 Brisbane CBD location Career progression Boutique sized firm Client interaction from day one!   The Firm This CBD based practice, employs only 9 full time staff, promoting a close team and strong career development. Recognising the need to provide above and beyond service, the firm provides full services to clients from bookkeeping to business services and Self-Managed Super Fund's. The firm places great emphasis on staff development at any level. The firm has a large client base, including those of a 2nd Tier firm, and will involve great exposure to various entity types.   The Role As a Business Services Intermediate, your role will consist of: Preparation of Income Tax Returns & Financial Statements for all types of entities “ including SMSF Prepare of Business Activity Statements and Instalment Activity Statements Liaising with the ATO on taxation matters Research Liaising with clients and other stakeholders, building long lasting relationships Compliance work, but also spotting risk and opportunity whilst completing work   The Individual To be a successful candidate for this position, you will have: 2 years' experience in public practice Completed/ currently studying CA/ CPA Be a highly motivated individual Exceptional organisational abilities Excellent written and communication skills Initiative approach to work A strong drive for career progression   Benefits Career progression Modern offices Small team Mentoring, training and support regularly provided CBD location- close to public transport, cafÃ©'s, and restaurants   How to Apply Click APPLY For further information, please contact Andrew McNamara B.Bus (Acc) CPA on direct line 07 3009 6409 or 0407 035 808 or andrew@mwrecruitment.com.au 
 About the Company This well known organisation is part of a Global Network and foster a high performing culture which allow for career progression. Due to growth of the organisation they are seeking a Senior Corporate Finance Analyst to join the team on a permanent basis. About the Role This role is a new role and the responsibilities include but are not limited to: Prepare complex financial models Provide advice on valuations Work across Mergers and acquisitions, divestments, private equity, capital raising and IPO Review, analyse and provide high quality advice Monitor and review financial performance About you: To be successful in this role you will be degree qualified and have 2-4 years experience in a similar role. You will have a thorough understanding of M&A transactions and have the ability to multi-task. You will have strong excel skills and exceptional communication skills (both written and verbal) The Benefits Opportunity to work for a well known brand Work part of a collaborative team Ongoing learning and development Social club, Monthly drinks, sports teams are all part of the culture To apply, click the link and upload your current resume in word format. If you would like to have a confidential discussion, please contact Skye Veivers on 07 3023 1003, quoting ref no. JO-1804-88467. Want to know more about Davidson? Visit us at www.davidsonwp.com 
 We are a highly regarded property development and construction group based in the South Eastern Suburbs seeking a well organised, efficient and enthusiastic Accounts Payable Clerk to join our finance team. The role will predominantly encompass accounts payable tasks as well as some general month end reporting tasks, administration support and reception relief. This role requires exceptional organisation skills, a keen eye for detail and also requires a professionally presented and energetic candidate who is seeking a long term role as an A/P clerk, with the opportunity to develop their knowledge within the construction industry. Whilst previous dedicated A/P experience is not essential, you will have completed or currently be in the process of completing either a bookkeeping course or basic accounting course to demonstrate a basic understanding of underlying accounting principles, whilst continuing to learn and develop through on-the-job training.  Working alongside the Assistant Accountant and Administration Assistant, and reporting to the Finance Manager, duties include: Accounts Payable/Month End Reporting Assistance with accounts payable matters, including sorting, matching, entering and processing of payments in MYOB; Following up suppliers for missing invoices; Liaising with site foreman regarding delivery dockets and ensuring collection/delivery of docket procedures are being followed;  Scanning of documents and electronic file maintenance; General copying, filing and archiving for the accounts department and ensuring all filing and archiving is up-to-date; Assisting with processing of bank reconciliations on a weekly and monthly basis; Assisting with monthly reconciliations and matching of invoices for petty cash and Fleetcare; Assisting with BAS preparation; Assisting with ad hoc and month end reporting, as required; Assisting with collation of year end working files and balance sheet reconciliations;  Assisting with maintenance of property registers.  General Administration Reception relief (answering calls and greeting clients)  The successful candidate will possess the following attributes: Strong attention to detail and ability to review own work; Possess ability to work efficiently and prioritise tasks; Ability to multitask and manage time (this is a critical aspect of this role);; Be able to maintain an organised and tidy workplace; Have excellent communication skills, both written and verbal; Be confident in dealing with various stakeholders through the business; Previous experience using MYOB (advantage but not essential); Be a team player who is willing to help out colleagues to ensure deadlines are met; Have previous experience working with Excel and spreadsheets; Be punctual and reliable. We offer an excellent working environment with training and support provided to the right applicant. Salary package will be commensurate with skills and experience. Please note that this role is only available to candidates that have unrestricted working rights in Australia and must have excellent written and spoken English.   
The Organisation This is a fast-growing national company with a strong brand presence in construction and equipment hire along the eastern seaboard. With a growing client base and a reputation for service excellence, they are a key leader in their space. The Role Reporting to the Finance Director and working closely alongside senior project stakeholders, your responsibilities will include: Establish effective, professional working relationships with project leaders, the broader finance team and external clients where necessary Ensuring the accurate recording of percent complete and projected forecasts across branches Ensuring the accurate entry of labour and other costs against projects Assist project leaders with understanding percent complete concepts, billing schedules and forecasting Assist project leaders to do resources planning and analysis on the variance for planning and actuals Train and assist project leaders to enable them to input their forecasts into the system Review project financials on a monthly basis to ensure accuracy Challenge assumptions and forecasts Add value to the process and company with your input and initiative This is a temporary role, to begin with an Immediate start until at least the end of the financial year - if you are good at what you do it's likely to become a full time role.  The Requirements You will have a minimum 3 years' experience working in an Accounting Firm or in a similar role (Project Accounting, Management Accounting, Cost Accounting) - basically, you're someone that can easily hit the ground running in a role like this Ideally qualified - CA/CPA Experience with Cost/Project Accounting in the Hire /Construction / Engineering / Design space will be viewed favorably High level of commercial acumen and ability to grasp concepts and the business model quickly Excellent Excel skills Great attention to detail Excellent communication skills How to apply If you are interested in applying for this role then please click Apply or alternatively, email Michael on michael@recruitmentexpert.com.au we are interviewing immediately and presenting a shortlist next week so apply right now.  Please note, due to the number of applications only successful applicants will be contacted 
 Career progression Work in a small team CBD location   The Practice This CBD based practice, employs only 9 full time staff, promoting a close team and strong career development. Recognising the need to provide above and beyond service, the firm provides full services to client from bookkeeping to business services and Self-Managed Super Fund's. The firm places great emphasis on staff development at any level. The firm has a large client base, including those of a 2nd Tier firm, and will involve great exposure to various entity types.   The Role As an SMSF Intermediate, your duties will include: Assisting in processing funds Processing of transactions from source documentation into Class Super Preparation of annual return and financial statements, as well as associated compliance documents Preparation of electronic work paper files Liaising with clients and other stakeholders Assisting with preparation of superannuation advice to clients as required   The Individual The following requirements are necessary in order to be considered: Experience with BGL 360 preferred 1-2 years' experience  Commenced or completed CA/CPA (or desire to do so) Experience using CLASS A drive for career progression Strong communication and interpersonal skills   Benefits Career progression Modern offices Small team Mentoring, training and support regularly provided CBD location- close to public transport, cafÃ©'s, and restaurants   How to Apply Click APPLY For further information, please contact Andrew McNamara B.Bus (Acc) CPA on direct line 07 3009 6409 or 0407 035 808 or andrew@mwrecruitment.com.au 
   Friendly social culture Self-paced career progression opportunities Exposure to a diverse client base and varied entity structures   The Role/Individual   The firm is looking for a senior accountant, who can create rapport with clients, as well as fit into the innovative, supportive office culture.   *** Salary dependent on experience *** A suitable candidate would possess the following: Desire to create/increase your own network Strong background/interest in Business Development & Business Advisory A drive for career progression, with long term goals in mind Personable, excellent communication skills Analytical, pro-active approach to a job   Duties:   Preparation of Income Tax Returns & Financial Statements for all types of entities Management of your own client base Preparation of Business Activity Statements and Instalment Activity Statements Identify Business Advisory & Business Developmental opportunities in current clients Client Interviews & engagement Set up of Entities to suit client needs Liaising with the ATO, clients and external stakeholders Research “ tax and business advisory, specific to individual client needs   Skills & Experience   The following requirements are necessary in order to be considered: 4+ years' accounting experience (in an Australian accounting firm) Completed/close to completing CA/CPA Previous experience using MYOB AE, Xero & BGL Drive for career success Experience providing clients with Business Development/Advisory work very advantageous   Benefits   Regular social events: Christmas party, EOFY, Melbourne Cup (and others) Strong emphasis on development of staff- All seminars and courses paid for CBD location- close to public transport, cafÃ©'s, and restaurants   To Apply   *** Email hugh@mwrecruitment.com.au, outlining how you meet the requirements (listed under skills & Experience).   For further information call Hugh Hamilton BBus (Acc), GDAA, M.Com on 07 3009 6410 or 0438 787 924   
 Make the switch from Audit or Accounting into Advisory consulting to CFOs and finance teams Work with iconic local and global clients across a diverse range of industries Develop your expertise through mentoring with industry leaders  KPMG is one of the most trusted and respected global professional services firms. Through depth of expertise, clarity of insight and strength of purpose we help our clients solve complex challenges, steer change, strengthen, transition and grow. We are looking for talented people who share our purpose of inspiring confidence and empowering change for our clients, our people and our communities. Leveraging our firm wide experience and expertise to support CFOs and finance teams, CFO Advisory offers services including: financial and regulatory reporting, transaction structuring and support, finance function integration, process improvements and accounting standards interpretation and implementation advice. We combine deep industry knowledge with technical excellence to help CFOs and finance teams meet the challenges of today's complex and evolving business environment. Your new role: With continued growth we are now looking to recruit a Senior Accountant or Assistant Manager into the CFO Advisory Sydney practice You will have the opportunity to - Work with a diverse client portfolio including CFOs and finance across leading organisations to provide essential advice on technical accounting and finance improvement matters across any of the core service offerings within CFO Advisory Deliver engagement fieldwork which involves strong technical accounting knowledge, an understanding of client needs, project management skills and close communication with Partners and clients Mentor, train and develop other less experienced engagement team members providing guidance on how to develop their skillset You bring to the role Relevant tertiary qualifications including CA or CPA, with a solid accounting and/or audit background gained in Professional Services Well-developed problem solving and analytical skills Strong written and verbal communication skills including reporting writing Excellent research and project management skills and an analytical, curious mindset A positive, collaborative and team focused approach with an enthusiasm for continued learning and development A client-oriented focus with the ability to build strong client relationships What we offer you We offer rewarding careers for outstanding professionals, ongoing learning and development opportunities, a collaborative and inclusive culture, and flexible and agile work practices that focus on our people's wellbeing and drive innovation and entrepreneurship. We also believe that our business plays a distinct and vital role in helping solve important social and environmental issues; and we use our unique skills and expertise to help create positive and lasting impacts for our communities. We believe diversity of thought, background and experience strengthens relationships and delivers meaningful benefits to our people, our clients and communities. We are consistently recognised as an employer of choice for women, and our inclusive culture promotes the development of our people irrespective of gender, ethnicity, generation, flexible work status, family circumstances, sexual orientation or disability. Next steps are to apply online and submit your resume and cover letter. For further information regarding this role or to discuss careers with CFO Advisory, please contact Jessica on 02 9455 9871. 
 THE COMPANY Highly acquisitive Melbourne based national services business with interests in property, health and financial services. THE OPPORTUNITY Reporting to the HR Shared Services Manager, the Payroll Manager will assume full responsibility for six direct reports providing payroll services for a diverse employee base. Key responsibilities of the role include: Monitoring the team including goal setting and management of Key Performance Indicators Coaching/mentoring including identifying skills/training gaps, supporting professional development and establishing employee development plans Dealing with personal team issues promptly and diplomatically Employee performance appraisals POSITIVES The Payroll Manager role has been created as a result of the incumbent being provided a career progression opportunity to the Shared Services Manager. You will have excellent support from a Manager who has performed your role before but who is also seeking fresh ideas so as to grow the team. CHALLENGES Managing six direct reports in a business experiencing immense change will have its challenges however you will have complete control as to how you navigate future growth and development within the team.   IDEAL APPLICANTS You will present with solid experience managing/mentoring/coaching a team of Payroll Professionals. Priority will be given to applicants who can demonstrate this experience with an organisation that has experienced change (be it growth, acquisition, restructure, technology). WHY SHOULD YOU APPLY? You are seeking to either consolidate your leadership experience or take the next step in your leadership career (with an ASX Listed Australian business). The business also utilises two of the most in-demand Payroll & HRIS software products that will enable you to be a SME either in the business in the future or set you up for your next future move.   Please apply via the SEEK website or feel free to call David on 03 9614 6558 for further information regarding this specific opportunity and/or to request a Position Description prior to submitting your resume. Please quote the position Reference Number 2708001 if you are calling David.   Payroll Talent is Melbourne's only Payroll and HR Information Systems recruitment specialists. We connect you with the most sought after temporary, contract and permanent Payroll & HRIS opportunities in Melbourne. 
 Join CFO Advisory and become a clear choice advisor to the finance community Build your career with exposure to challenging engagements, mentoring and ongoing professional development  Love being part of a team focused on wellbeing, offering flexible working to fit your lifestyle KPMG's CFO Advisory practice combines deep industry knowledge with technical accounting and reporting excellence; we partner with CFOs and finance teams to help them meet the challenges of a complex and evolving business environment. Leveraging our firm wide expertise, CFO Advisory offers services including: finance function integration, quality close and reporting, finance process improvements, accounting standards interpretation and implementation advice and transaction structuring and support. With continued growth across CFO Advisory nationally we are now looking to recruit an experienced Manager to join the Melbourne team. You will have the opportunity to - Lead cross functional teams to deliver a variety of services to clients that could include any of the core service offerings within CFO Advisory Manage projects and client deliverables, including drafting client reports and presentations, liaising with management and other external advisors, and developing strong client relationships Ensure engagement timelines and requirements are achieved and delivered at a high standard Train and develop less experienced team members on engagements and help them continue building their career within KPMG You bring to the role: Relevant tertiary qualifications including CA or CPA, with a solid accounting and/or audit background gained in Professional Services Superior problem solving and analytical skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills including reporting writing Excellent research and project management skills and an analytical, curious mindset A positive, collaborative and team focused mindset A client-oriented focus with the ability to build strong client relationships What we offer you: We offer rewarding careers for outstanding professionals, ongoing learning and development opportunities, a collaborative and inclusive culture, and flexible and agile work practices that focus on our people's wellbeing to drive innovation and entrepreneurship. We also believe that our business plays a distinct and vital role in helping solve important social and environmental issues; and use our unique skills and expertise to help create positive and lasting impacts for our communities. We believe diversity of thought, background and experience strengthens relationships and delivers meaningful benefits to our people, our clients and communities. We are consistently recognised as an employer of choice for women, and our inclusive culture promotes the development of our people irrespective of gender, ethnicity, generation, flexible work status, family circumstances, sexual orientation or disability. Next steps are to apply online and submit your resume and cover letter. For further information regarding this role or careers with CFO Advisory, please contact Jessica on 02 9455 9871. 
 Make the switch from Audit or Accounting into Advisory consulting to CFOs and finance teams Work with iconic local and global clients across a diverse range of industries Develop your expertise through mentoring with industry leaders  KPMG is one of the most trusted and respected global professional services firms. Through depth of expertise, clarity of insight and strength of purpose we help our clients solve complex challenges, steer change, strengthen, transition and grow. We are looking for talented people who share our purpose of inspiring confidence and empowering change for our clients, our people and our communities. Leveraging our firm wide experience and expertise to support CFOs and finance teams, CFO Advisory offers services including: financial and regulatory reporting, transaction structuring and support, finance function integration, process improvements and accounting standards interpretation and implementation advice. We combine deep industry knowledge with technical excellence to help CFOs and finance teams meet the challenges of today's complex and evolving business environment. Your new role: With continued growth we are now looking to recruit a Senior Accountant or Assistant Manager into the CFO Advisory Sydney practice You will have the opportunity to - Work with a diverse client portfolio including CFOs and finance across leading organisations to provide essential advice on technical accounting and finance improvement matters across any of the core service offerings within CFO Advisory Deliver engagement fieldwork which involves strong technical accounting knowledge, an understanding of client needs, project management skills and close communication with Partners and clients Mentor, train and develop other less experienced engagement team members providing guidance on how to develop their skillset You bring to the role Relevant tertiary qualifications including CA or CPA, with a solid accounting and/or audit background gained in Professional Services Well-developed problem solving and analytical skills Strong written and verbal communication skills including reporting writing Excellent research and project management skills and an analytical, curious mindset A positive, collaborative and team focused approach with an enthusiasm for continued learning and development A client-oriented focus with the ability to build strong client relationships What we offer you We offer rewarding careers for outstanding professionals, ongoing learning and development opportunities, a collaborative and inclusive culture, and flexible and agile work practices that focus on our people's wellbeing and drive innovation and entrepreneurship. We also believe that our business plays a distinct and vital role in helping solve important social and environmental issues; and we use our unique skills and expertise to help create positive and lasting impacts for our communities. We believe diversity of thought, background and experience strengthens relationships and delivers meaningful benefits to our people, our clients and communities. We are consistently recognised as an employer of choice for women, and our inclusive culture promotes the development of our people irrespective of gender, ethnicity, generation, flexible work status, family circumstances, sexual orientation or disability. Next steps are to apply online and submit your resume and cover letter. For further information regarding this role or to discuss careers with CFO Advisory, please contact Jessica on 02 9455 9871. 
 Excellent benefits National association Competitive salary package   The Firm This progressive 2nd Tier firm is part of a national association of independent firms who have created a successful and unique approach to servicing their clients. The Brisbane is renown for looking after their staff and developing career opportunities for them in the medium to longer term. The firm offers a full range of services based around business service, tax & audit as well as other business lines. The partners are young and dynamic and realise the importance of hiring and retaining the right staff. The Role The position will see you working closely with and reporting to a senior manager and 1 of the partners. You will immediately be involved in working on a portfolio of SME business across a broad range of industries. You will be required to perform tax and compliance work but will be also given the opportunity to work closely with clients in developing strategies for growth through value added services. The Individual The partner will consider applications from  business services candidates who have a solid 4 - 5 years experience in public practice accounting & tax. You should be completed your professional qualification or very close to. The partners can offer a highly competitive salary commensurate with experience.   ACCOUNTING JOBS IN BRISBANE For more information on this or other public practice jobs in Brisbane, please call Hugh Hamilton BBus (Acc), GDAA, M.Com  on (07) 3009 6410 or email your CV direct to hugh@mwrecruitment.com.au     
 Join CFO Advisory and become a clear choice advisor to the finance community Build your career with exposure to challenging engagements, mentoring and ongoing professional development  Love being part of a team focused on wellbeing, offering flexible working to fit your lifestyle KPMG's CFO Advisory practice combines deep industry knowledge with technical accounting and reporting excellence; we partner with CFOs and finance teams to help them meet the challenges of a complex and evolving business environment. Leveraging our firm wide expertise, CFO Advisory offers services including: finance function integration, quality close and reporting, finance process improvements, accounting standards interpretation and implementation advice and transaction structuring and support. With continued growth across CFO Advisory nationally we are now looking to recruit an experienced Manager to join the Melbourne team. You will have the opportunity to - Lead cross functional teams to deliver a variety of services to clients that could include any of the core service offerings within CFO Advisory Manage projects and client deliverables, including drafting client reports and presentations, liaising with management and other external advisors, and developing strong client relationships Ensure engagement timelines and requirements are achieved and delivered at a high standard Train and develop less experienced team members on engagements and help them continue building their career within KPMG You bring to the role: Relevant tertiary qualifications including CA or CPA, with a solid accounting and/or audit background gained in Professional Services Superior problem solving and analytical skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills including reporting writing Excellent research and project management skills and an analytical, curious mindset A positive, collaborative and team focused mindset A client-oriented focus with the ability to build strong client relationships What we offer you: We offer rewarding careers for outstanding professionals, ongoing learning and development opportunities, a collaborative and inclusive culture, and flexible and agile work practices that focus on our people's wellbeing to drive innovation and entrepreneurship. We also believe that our business plays a distinct and vital role in helping solve important social and environmental issues; and use our unique skills and expertise to help create positive and lasting impacts for our communities. We believe diversity of thought, background and experience strengthens relationships and delivers meaningful benefits to our people, our clients and communities. We are consistently recognised as an employer of choice for women, and our inclusive culture promotes the development of our people irrespective of gender, ethnicity, generation, flexible work status, family circumstances, sexual orientation or disability. Next steps are to apply online and submit your resume and cover letter. For further information regarding this role or careers with CFO Advisory, please contact Jessica on 02 9455 9871. 
 2XM Finance have partnered with a tier 1 construction company based in the Melbourne CBD. They have grown 100% in the last 2 years and with their brand being associated with some of the biggest landmarks across Australia they show no signs of slowing down. Due to some recently acquired projects they are looking for an Accountant to join their team. You will be working very closely with the Project Managers ensuring all stages of the projects are correctly resourced and forecasted. You will be responsible for payroll of approximately 100 people monthly. This is a very transactional role, with majority of the duties being based around accounts receivable and accounts payable. You will need to have a solid background in a similar role with experience running a finance function. Construction and project based accounting experience is vital. In return, you will receive a salary of up to $80k + Super. They invest time and money into team culture therefore, events are scheduled regularly.  If you are interested in hearing more about this role please 'apply online' or email your resume to melise.hasip@2xmfinance.com.au. 
 About the business and the role Green Triangle Forest Products (GTFP) own and manage approximately 24,000 Ha of radiata pine plantation forests situated in the Green Triangle region of South West Victoria and South East South Australia.  At GTFP, we strive to be the preferred supplier of superior quality Radiata Pine product through sustainable forest management. Our mission is to create value through forest management excellence and safety, integrity and respect are fundamental values.   GTFP invite applications from people interested in entering our business as the FP&A Manager, based in Mount Gambier.  This is an exciting opportunity to join the GTFP team. This is a permanent position and forms a vital part of a dedicated and professional Senior Management team. Reporting to the Managing Director, located in Mount Gambier, SA, this position will be key in assisting the business in achieving its objectives in line with its strategic direction and drive the implementation of key performance indicators for the business.   Job tasks and responsibilities Responsibilities of the role include: Forecasting and Budgeting Project Management Systems Support Strategic plan execution Financial Year End and Audit Support Commercial Support Presentation support Ad hoc analysis Financial analysis of higher and better use opportunities Skills and experience Education and Experience Bachelor of Commerce Degree or equivalent CA/CPA Experience within a Chartered Accounting firm or commercial accounting team Experience with Project Management, particularly in primary production or manufacturing Key skills and Experience To be successful in this role, you will possess: Strong practical knowledge of accounting principles Uses problem solving skills and objectivity to analyse alternatives and process non-standard accounting problems Clearly and effectively expresses ideas, thoughts and concepts verbally and in written form Translates accounting concepts and terms used in finance to ensure audience clearly understands the message Strong spreadsheet, powerpoint and database skills and experience with integrated business software to explore configuration, linkages and processing options Understands system processes and outputs and can communicate results across the business Sound understanding in IT  Personal Attributes Results-driven with exemplary planning & organisation skills and attention to detail Ability to meet deadlines Proven experience in liaising with stakeholders Seek completeness and accuracy around information, tasks and processes Flexible team player who thrives in fast-moving environments and can effectively prioritise multiple tasks Job benefits and perks Great region offering affordable living and community lifestyle.  Reputable forest management company which is engaged in a very dynamic industry with positive economic, community and social contribution to both the region and the state. Participation in company bonus scheme. Remuneration will be negotiated depending on skills and experience.  A copy of the position description can be requested via admin@gtfp.com.au   
The Practice Established 5 years ago, the firm is part of a break away from a much larger accounting practice, one who is admired by other accounting practices across Melbourne. 1 Partner and a small team who work together with a massive focus of client service level and advisory services. The business is entirely in the cloud, and is an environment any up and coming accountant would thrive in, learn a diverse range of skills and enjoy going to work on a Monday.  Benefits Cloud software, very close to becoming paperless Practice highly proactive and focused on advice and consulting CBD location Excellent client base (HNW, local and international businesses) Incredible learning opportunity, working with multiple senior staff Full study support: reimbursement on completion of module, 1 day off for the exam and 2 days off before the exam Open and friendly culture Flexible work times when required The Opportunity This is a brilliant junior role, for some eager to find a firm with a solid history, client base, team and infrastructure. You will work with and support Senior Accountants, Supervisors, Managers and the Partner.  You will be involved in: Preparation of income tax returns for all entities Preparation of financial statements You will learn how to handle complex accounting and tax compliance issues with regard to FBT, CGT, Division 7a, GST and more Preparation of Self Managed Superfunds Tax planning and advisory work revolving around management accounting, budgets, forecasting, cashflow and more Liaising with clients, and involved in the management of the client relationship Regularly contacting the ATO and other regulatory bodies About You As a recent graduate, the ideal candidate would have up to 18 months, potentially two years experience in public practice, part time or full time.  Additionally you will: Minimum of 6 - 12 months experience highly preferable Be punctual and reliable Professional presentation Strong communication skills Well organised and able to prioritize  Be honest when you don't know how to approach something Respectful of your colleagues Problem solver, with a can do approach Desire to complete CA Essential Skills Client and customer service skills Strong IT skills (cloud based practice) Excellent communication Applications All applications welcomed, some working experience highly regarded, though not entirely necessary. This opportunity is not to be missed, if you think you have the potential to take on this challenging role then please apply now.  If you wish to learn more about this role, other career opportunities in public practice or the current job market in professional services, do not hesitate to call me, Harry McFarlane on 03 8640 5420. 
 Payroll Officer required for a large financial services company in St Leonards. Your new company With over 30 years presence within the Australian market, this organisation is looking for a driven and experienced Payroll Officer to support the Payroll Manager and HR Function. Your new role In this role, you will be reporting directly to the Payroll Manager. Your responsibilities will include: Preparing and processing the fortnightly and monthly payroll for more than 800 staff (permanent, fixed term, casual) Making sure that employees are paid on time and accurately Monthly payroll and reconciliations Superannuation and tax reporting Resolving payroll queries Ad-hoc responsibilities What you'll need to succeed The successful candidate will have previous and local payroll experience. You will also have: Experience using Chris21 and strong Excel skills Strong attention to detail Experience with a payroll system Strong verbal and written communication skills Excellent time management skills What you'll get in return This is 6 months fix term contract covering for maternity leave. You will be paid benefits such as sick leave and annual leave. You will gain exposure to one of Australia's companies with a professional, friendly and sociable culture. You will also receive training from experienced professionals within the organisation. Located close to public transport. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to Vanessa.Ng@hays.com.au, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 The role As an experienced Payroll Compliance Analyst, you will leverage your strong payroll knowledge to identify and resolve payroll process exceptions and compliance issues. You will also provide analysis and reporting on scheduled reports and on an ad-hoc basis to identify opportunity areas. Please note, this role is a part time role. To be successful, you'll have: experience within SAP HR, SAP Financials and Kronos an understanding of the Workers Compensations processes attention to detail commercial awareness and business focus the ability to use systems in a commercial environment e.g. Excel, SAP and databases strong report presentation skill e.g. PowerPoint  Your key responsibilities will be to: identify and resolve payroll process exceptions and compliance issues provide analysis and reporting on scheduled reports and on ad-hoc basis to identify opportunity areas implement payroll policies to ensure compliance to EBA principles and Right Pay First Time manage processes relating to payroll policies & administrative tasks, in-line with operating standards and to improve business performance provide support to liquor operations team by resolving all payroll related enquiries Culture Coles is a fast-paced, constantly changing business that focuses your talents and challenges you to perform at your best. As a team, we're bold with ideas and operate with pace and passion, always looking for better ways to transform retail and delight customers. Benefits  Not only will you receive a competitive salary, you'll also have access to these great benefits: a 5% discount when shopping at Coles, Kmart, Officeworks and Target learn new skills and develop your existing capabilities - we provide excellent ongoing training and development 12 weeks of paid parental leave for primary care givers and 1 week of paid leave for secondary care givers no need to pay for car parking - you can park your car in our multi-level car park, which is exclusive to our team get fitter, stronger and faster at our on-site gym About us Today, Coles is one of Australia's iconic retailers, providing a range of fresh food, groceries, general merchandise, liquor and fuel to millions of customers every week. We have a combination of over 2,400 retail outlets across Australia covering Coles supermarkets, Coles Express fuel and convenience sites, Spirit Hotels and liquor stores under Liquorland, Vintage Cellars and First Choice Liquor branding. While some things have changed over the years, one thing remains the same “ our customer first strategy. We have over 107,000 fantastic team members across the country that are focused on making life easier for our customers and making a difference to the communities we serve every day. Please Note  We prefer to deal with you directly and have not engaged an agency for this role, so if you're interested, please apply.  At Coles, we aim to ensure our team represents the community we serve, embracing the richness of Australia's diverse population. 
 A fantastic opportunity for CA qualified Financial Accountant to work in a global organisation. Your new company This diverse company that has seen unexpected growth in recent years due to successful mergers and acquisitions now requires additional assistance. A global organisation that holds the majority of their business here in Australia are forecasting further growth and expansion over the coming years. Your new role This group organisation requires the assistance of an experienced financial accountant to assist with increased workload and covering an employee on maternity leave. Balance sheet reconciliations, P&L, GL, bank reconciliations are some but not all of the duties of this role. They appreciate flexibility and a can do attitude with the successful candidate. Experience with an ERP system is preferred and good excel skills is essential. What you'll need to succeed CA qualified with good commercial experience and an ability to hit the ground running. As this role could develop and become an ongoing role, there is huge scope for the right candidate. What you'll get in return A relaxed work environment that appreciates and rewards hard work and a flexible attitude. Free parking is available and with the possibility for this contract to be extended, it could be an excellent career opportunity for the right candidate. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 About us and the role MCB Accounting is a Chartered Accounting firm located in Mount Isa, North West Queensland. We are seeking a Senior Accountant to manage our Business Services and Compliance area. Skills & experience You will be a motivated and energetic CA or CPA (or keen to start for the Intermediate roles) with extensive experience working for an Australian Accounting Practice.  You may already have experience at a Senior level in Business Services/Taxation or you may be an Intermediate ready to progress to the next level. Your future here This Practice employs both Chartered Accountants and CPA's and is very keen to bring on either a Senior Accountant or someone who is ready to step up towards Manager in the near future. Why should you join us? You will have the opportunity to build up your own client base over time and will be rewarded for your excellent performance through internal promotion and staff reporting to you. An attractive and competitive salary package, including salary sacrificed accommodation benefits applies. How to apply For a confidential discussion, please call Greg on 07 4743 2266 or email greg@mcbaccounting.com 
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us collect debts and lead the improvement of our debt recovery arrangements. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review An important part of our work is to investigate instances of serious and intentional misuse, misappropriation, and fraudulent obtaining of funds in relation to Health Provider access to Australian Government Health funding programs. We undertake investigations under Part IID of the Human Services (Medicare) Act 1973, referring matters to the Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions (CDPP) for criminal prosecution. Who are we looking for? Experienced investigators Experienced fraud analysts What will you do? As part of the Investigations Section, you will lead a team that: Conduct analysis of suspected fraud cases referred to the team; Conduct investigations into cases of fraud and fraud-related non-compliance for referral of cases to the CDPP, and Raise associated debt; prepare briefs of evidence for the CDPP undertaking search warrants as required. Executive Level 1 staff provide leadership and management of the PBID. Who are you? You will hold qualifications in Accountancy You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and experience in overseeing major operations, the preparation and execution of search warrants, records of interview, witness statements and briefs of evidence to the Public Prosecutor Office or; You have extensive experience in fraud and entity analysis. You can ensure all investigations are conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You will be able to assist in the development of policy and procedures for the conduct of investigations as required You are experienced in giving evidence in criminal and civil court You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will hold a Diploma in Government Investigations or equivalent, or ability to gain within 12 months. What you need to know Positions are based in Sydney, Melbourne or Canberra Office Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Negative Vetting Level 1 Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Company Background Our client is a hospital that sits within a huge network of healthcare providers. This means there are longer term career opportunities within the group for the right candidate. They pride themselves on putting their patients and families first and provide a number of services including medical, surgical and maternity. The finance team are onsite in a modern bright building with a cafÃ© and courtyard.   The Role This role works closely with the Finance Manager who has worked in the healthcare industry for over 10 years and will be a wealth of information. You will be responsible for; Assisting with preparation of the balance sheet and P&L reports. Working closely with 20 department heads on their budgets, variance analysis and cashflow.   Providing insights and advice Low volume Accounts Payable and receivables Assisting with business case analysis   Your Background Ideally the client would love an Assistant Accountant who has worked in healthcare or another hospital. This is the preference. You will have started your CA or CPA qualification and have excellent communication skills. The right candidate will also have some solid month end reporting experience and have be familiar with Excel functions such as Vlookups and pivot tables.   If you are keen to apply for this Assistant Accountant role, please contact Adele Sycamore at Richard Lloyd on 02 8324 5647, quoting reference 4173 or click on 'apply now' below. Please submit your CV in Word format and note that due to the high volume of responses we receive only suitable candidates will be contacted. 
Company With a global reach this mid-tier firm have a proud tradition of focusing on client growth and providing the best service/advice possible. Due to strong results in the market they are looking for a Senior Analyst to come into the Corporate Finance team. Role The CF team provides advice on M&As, capital raising, valuations and due diligence. As a Senior Analyst you will be responsible: Preparing financial models and valuations Financial analysis of key business drivers and performance indicators Prepare due diligence reports Provide commercial advice to clients around M&A's, divestments, IPOs, capital/debt raisings. Business development opportunities Growing your professional network Developing strong working relationships with clients About you First and foremost, we're looking for a high performing individual who shares the passion for success and can align to the client centric culture. Ideally you'll have 2+ years in corporate finance or transaction services. Strong analytical skills and financial modeling is vital to be successful in this position. A high standard of communication skills at all levels is required as well as a collaborative team mentality. For further information please call Sam Wood, TROOCOO on 07 3054 1126.    Alternatively if you are interested in the position, please apply below and we will ensure we get back to your application shortly. Please submit your resume in word format through SEEK.    Thank you for your interest. 
 Bookkeeper/Finance Officer Join our well established and well known team Work alongside experienced professionals in a fast paced environment The Company Elringtons is a well-established and well known law firm servicing Canberra and Queanbeyan and its wider community since 1897. We practice in many areas of law and consider ourselves a team of teams, sharing our knowledge and expertise firm wide. The Role As the firm Bookkeeper/Finance Officer you will: Work alongside our Practice Manager as a key member of our administration team taking full responsibility for the accounts, while reporting to the Practice Manager regularly. Enjoy a busy fast paced environment, while maintaining strong and accurate internal controls and records Be comfortable with a wide range of tasks including Trust Accounting, General Accounting, Invoices, Reconciliations, BAS, Payroll Tax, ASIC lodgments Manage accounts payable and receivable Present Financial Reporting to management and prepare weekly finance reports Maintain and process Payroll and all employee transactions and records, including superannuation and entitlements Have a good working knowledge of Australian tax legislation to prepare and report monthly and quarterly ATO obligations, while liaising with the firms Accountants Assist other staff with account related queries Train other staff on account procedures they require during their roles Manage the firms cash flow Support the development of the firm's annual budgets and forecasting Maintain multiple information filing systems, both online and hardcopy Skills & Experience The successful applicant will: Preferably have experience in legal trust accounts. Be required to contribute at a high level Work hard to develop and broaden your skills Have a real attention to detail and pride yourself on the quality of service you provide Be able to work atomically, juggle competing priorities while remaining responsive to accurate financial reporting Preferably, but not essentially, have experience in LexisNexis Affinity Be proficient in the Microsoft Office suite Have excellent communication skills and interpersonal skills, both verbal and written Demonstrate accuracy and attention to detail Work autonomously without supervision, as well as in a team environment Be highly organised and be able to manage multiple priorities, multi task and have the ability to work on various tasks in succession Have a high proficiency with IT systems and aptitude to learn new applications and software where necessary Demonstrate knowledge of fundamental finance and business principles What's on Offer A fantastic opportunity to join our vibrant team of lawyers and support staff, dedicated to doing the best for and by our clients. This is a fulltime position based in a vibrant city office. We also have an office in Queanbeyan and you will be required to work from that office at least one day each week. Attractive remuneration based on experience 
 Looking for an immediately available financial accountant looking to join a successful and growing ASX company Your new company This successful and growing ASX Listed company has an excellent market position and the plans in place to expand on this and take a stronger hold in their specialist industry. Due to a recent promotion within the team they are seeking the support from an experienced Financial Accountant. Your new role As the Financial Accountant your responsibilities will include monthly reporting and forecasting using, budget analysis as well as preparing of statutory accounts, reconciliations for payroll and tax accounting, management accounting, audit and treasury. This varied role will see you liaising across all areas of the business and supporting a driven and successful Finance Manager. What you'll need to succeed You will have proven financial accounting experience with an ASX listed company with sound analytical skills complemented with exposure to a large ERP system. What you'll get in return The organisation will offer you a competitive salary with bonus, a high achieving work environment and excellent career opportunities. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Together we have a greater impact. Our people can be proud that, as a leading international agri-business, we provide an increasingly important service across the food and beverage supply chain. About our team In 2016, GrainCorp celebrated 100 years of growth. Today, we are proud to be Australia's largest agribusiness with diversified operations that span four continents and the global food supply chain. Beginning with an acquisition in 2009, GrainCorp Malt is one of the world's top four commercial malt producers. With a significant presence in the United States, Canada, Australia, and the United Kingdom, our malting business is strategically positioned to supply leading global brewers as well as the craft beer and distillery segments with its international footprint. Overall, we operate 17 malt production facilities and multiple warehouse locations, spanning three continents. About the role Based at BBM's Head Office in Richmond (VIC), we have a wonderful opportunity for an experienced Management Accountant to join the Barrett Burston Malting team on a permanent basis. The role reports into the Senior Management Accountant where you are responsible for supporting the business in different aspects of management accounting with a focus on key areas including raw material costs, manufacturing costs, overhead costs, payroll costs, utility costs, sales, capex and inventory. In this role, you will drive budgets, prepare reports and various ad hoc reporting, project work and capital expenditure proposals. About your experience You will have outstanding technical accounting ability combined with sound knowledge of management accounting within the manufacturing and/or commercial environment. With your strong analytical skills and your hands-on approach to understanding process, you will add value with your exceptional Excel skills and demonstrated skills in planning organizing and problem solving and of course reducing costs. In addition to the above, the successful candidate will also have:  Degree Qualified and Commencement of Professional Qualification (CPA/CA or equivalent)  Present with previous work experience working within the manufacturing/commercial industries  The ability to learn processes quickly  Demonstrated skills in planning, organizing and problem solving  Excellent communication skills and the ability to build rapport with key stakeholders/vendors. Together we realise our potential. At GrainCorp, we value and respect the different perspectives and experiences our people bring to work each day. We aim to increase the diversity of our workforce - leading to a range of different thinking, perspectives and ideas that create the innovation we need to drive better business results. We aim to have a work environment where everyone feels included and everyone can realise their full potential. Next steps If you have questions regarding this role the Talent Acquisition Team is available to have a confidential discussion. You can contact Anita Bosevski on 02 9¦show number . 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us collect debts and lead the improvement of our debt recovery arrangements. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review An important part of our work is to investigate instances of serious and intentional misuse, misappropriation, and fraudulent obtaining of funds in relation to Health Provider access to Australian Government Health funding programs.  We undertake investigations under Part IID of the Human Services (Medicare) Act 1973, referring matters to the Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions (CDPP) for criminal prosecution. We need staff across Brisbane, Sydney, Canberra, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices. We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to investigations at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels.  Who are we looking for? People with experience in  investigations in government or other sectors , and People with experience in  fraud and entity analysis What will you do? As part of the Investigations Section, you will be part of a team or a team leader at more senior levels assist or lead the following Investigation Team core work: Conduct analysis of suspected fraud cases referred to the team; Conduct investigations into cases of fraud and fraud-related non-compliance for referral of cases to the CDPP, and Raise associated debt; prepare briefs of evidence for the CDPP undertaking search warrants as required. You will enjoy working as part of a team and contributing to the work of the division Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You have some understanding and perhaps experience in taking part in major operations which can include the preparation and execution of search warrants, records of interview, witness statements and briefs of evidence to the CDPP. You will contribute to making sure investigations are conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You will be able to contribute to the development of policy and procedures for the conduct of investigations as required You have some  knowledge and perhaps experience (particularly  those at more senior levels) in  criminal and civil court proceedings You have some understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You hold or a able to complete a certificate iv or diploma in Government Investigations or similar What you need to know Positions are based in Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Canberra or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Negative Vetting Level 1 Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3-APS6 range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 The Company Robert Half is currently recruiting Working Holiday Visa candidates. Working for clients in and around Melbourne CBD, this is an excellent opportunity to work in various industries and environments. The assignments could be for 1 to 6 months in length. Previous experience in accounting is essential. The Role Experience in one of the following roles is essential:  Accounts Payable  Accounts Receivable  Payroll  Credit Control  Collections  Accounts Officer  Assistant Accountant  Accountant Your Profile To be successful, you will be experienced in one of the above listed roles and be able to commit to work for the duration of the contract if offered. You will have excellent communication and interpersonal skills and have a 'can do' attitude. Previous experience using large ERP systems would be a major advantage! Apply Today Please send your resume by clicking on the apply button or for further information, contact our Melbourne office on 03 9691 36 31. Learn more about our Melbourne recruitment services: http://www.roberthalf.com.au/recruitment-agency-melbourne Job Ref: 06810-0010336507 
 We have an opportunity for a CA/CPA qualified accountant with experience in a professional practice environment. The successful candidate will be able to manage a portfolio of clients and have an in-depth knowledge of business advisory and tax related matters.  A career-minded professional with a long term view to developing close relationships with clients who can demonstrate excellent client services and communications skills is essential.  Audit, financial planning and SMSF experience well regarded and salary will be commensurate with experience.  The successful candidate must also demonstrate an intention to stay permanently in the Atherton area. 
 Opportunity for talented intermediate accountant at well-established firm and offering salary of $45K-65$K Your new company This Melbourne CBD based firm is seeking an intermediate accountant who is looking to join a high performing team. This firm works with a broad range of industry clients and offer a full suite of services. Your new role The role will include duties including, but not limited to: Assist with the preparation of income tax returns, financial statements and other related documents Preparation of tax projections for clients Basic payroll processing Assist in end of year reporting Liaising with clients Data entry What you'll need to succeed In this role it is essential to have at least 12-24 months experience working in a Australian Accounting Practice. You will have strong communication skills and advanced computer literacy with a willingness to learn. You will have ideally began studying your CA/CPA or are looking to begin studying, as well as being hungry to progress your career. What you'll get in return In return you will receive ongoing training and development as well as the opportunity to be part of a successful and highly motivated team who value their employees. In addition, you will be working in a friendly, down to earth environment with accessible mentors. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
   The position would include:  Accounts Receivable - all aspects including but not limited to: raising and issuing invoices, liaising with clients to ensure timely processing and payment of invoices, following up overdue invoices, debt collection processes Liaising with external stakeholders Assist in accounts payable process Assist in payroll process Assist in the following processes: superannuation contributions, long service leave reporting, insurance processes, WHS procedures, payroll tax Maintain office management systems Assist Administration Manager Requirements  High level of written and non-written communication skills Excellent organisation skills in including the ability to determine priorities, meet regular deadlines and solve general issues Punctual and reliable Positive attitude and proactive Work well in a team environment Can work unsupervised High level of written and verbal communications skills Ability to cope under pressure Problem solving Time management and ability to meet deadlines Building customer relationships The successful candidate will have at least 2 years experience in a similar role, be competent in MYOB or similar accounting software and experience in the rail industry will be advantageous. Casual with regular hours. ****NO ACCOUNTANTS PLEASE**** 
 We are a local Sunshine Coast retailer of Marine products.  We are seeking a person with experience, strong organisational and time management skills and an eye for detail to join our team.   We are a small team that values flexibility.   In this position you will be responsible for the day-to-day accounting responsibilities and some general administration tasks.    Experience in using some computer based accounting packages like QuickBooks is seen as an advantage but you will be more than just a book keeper, we are seeking somebody who will join in with the team and be prepared on busy days to answer the phone and attend to customer needs along with the team.     The types of duties being performed include but are not limited to: Preparation of monthly P&L, BS, Cash flow and associated analysis. Payroll, superannuation, leave and redundancy processing. Processing accounts payable and receivables and producing monthly financial statements and reports including income/expenditure, balance sheet and budget comparisons. BAS, IAS & PAYG. Support budgeting and forecasting process. Assist with risk management policies and procedures. Ensure staff compliance with finance policies and procedures. Ability to explain financial information to non-accounting professionals. Dealing with suppliers and customers. Banking and credit card management and reconciliations. Investments administration and High-end reporting. Training, streamlining & recommendations for company as required. General administration tasks as required.       We are a family friendly business and some flexibility is available to suit the right candidate.   We think this role will initially be 3-4 days per week but could be 5 days with shorter hours. 
 The Company Robert Half is currently recruiting for an experienced Payroll Officer to join one of our highly regarded clients in a unique 5 month role in which the end to end Payroll function will be the primary focus. Our client, based in great offices on St Kilda Road, is loyal, well regarded and fosters a strong work ethic. The Role Reporting to the Finance Manager, your duties will include: End to End Payroll Function Running manual pays Handling pay queries Entering payroll data Checking new employee details Running Payroll reports Internal customer service Awards and enterprise agreements Ad hoc duties as required. Your Profile To be successful, you will possess the following skills and experience:  Minimum of 3 years' experience in a similar Payroll positon  Excellent system skills including intermediate Excel  Ability to work in a fast paced and high volume environment  High level of attention to details and accuracy  Excellent communication skills Previous experience using large ERP systems is essential to your application. Apply Today Please send your resume by clicking on the apply button or for further information, contact our Melbourne office on 03 9691 36 31. Learn more about our Melbourne recruitment services: http://www.roberthalf.com.au/recruitment-agency-melbourne Reference No: 06810-0010268499CW 
 Experienced Accounts Payable officer with reception or customer service experience wanted. Your new company A leading Engineering company with head offices based near Parramatta require an experienced Accounts Payable and Administration officer to also cover reception. Your new role Enjoy the variety of a mixed role in Accounts and Administration, while providing Reception cover for the team. This is not a high volume reception desk, more taking a few general calls a day greeting clients and assisting with meeting room management. The main duties will be looking after Accounts Payable, including processing invoices and working with suppliers to resolve payment queries. What you'll need to succeed You'll have previous accounts payable experience and reception or customer service skills. you'll enjoy working with a range of people and taking ownership of the Accounts Payable function. What you'll get in return This is a stable long term role that would suit someone who enjoys working with a small professional team and would be happy to assist with a range of office based duties as needed. The role is an immediate start with a view to becoming permanent after a few months. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
  Career progression opportunity  Genuine work/life balance  Competitive remuneration package TCM Accounting is looking for an Intermediate Accountant to join their team. TCM is a dynamic, rapidly growing firm that believes that supporting their staff is pivotal to the success of the firm. This position offers the opportunity to work with a diverse and interesting client base and expand your skills and knowledge. With the ability to closely interact with other disciplines, such as financial planning, you will become an integral part of the team. The firm uses the latest software and technology both internally and to service the clients needs. To gain this position you will need to have completed, or be currently undertaking your degree, have a minimum of 2 years experience in a chartered accounting firm, have professional communication skills and attention to detail. For further information or to apply, please contact Natalie Creer on: Email: natalie.creer@totalcap.com.au Phone: (02) 49264844   
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us collect debts and lead the improvement of our debt recovery arrangements. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review An important part of our work is to investigate instances of serious and intentional misuse, misappropriation, and fraudulent obtaining of funds in relation to Health Provider access to Australian Government Health funding programs.  We undertake investigations under Part IID of the Human Services (Medicare) Act 1973, referring matters to the Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions (CDPP) for criminal prosecution. We need staff across Brisbane, Sydney, Canberra, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices. We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to investigations at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels.  Who are we looking for? People with experience in  investigations in government or other sectors , and People with experience in  fraud and entity analysis What will you do? As part of the Investigations Section, you will be part of a team or a team leader at more senior levels assist or lead the following Investigation Team core work: Conduct analysis of suspected fraud cases referred to the team; Conduct investigations into cases of fraud and fraud-related non-compliance for referral of cases to the CDPP, and Raise associated debt; prepare briefs of evidence for the CDPP undertaking search warrants as required. You will enjoy working as part of a team and contributing to the work of the division Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You have some understanding and perhaps experience in taking part in major operations which can include the preparation and execution of search warrants, records of interview, witness statements and briefs of evidence to the CDPP. You will contribute to making sure investigations are conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You will be able to contribute to the development of policy and procedures for the conduct of investigations as required You have some  knowledge and perhaps experience (particularly  those at more senior levels) in  criminal and civil court proceedings You have some understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You hold or a able to complete a certificate iv or diploma in Government Investigations or similar What you need to know Positions are based in Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Canberra or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Negative Vetting Level 1 Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3-APS6 range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Pascoe Partners Accountants is a leading mid-tier accounting and business advisory firm, centrally located in West Perth. Dedicated professionals, we take pride in the relationships we form with our clients and work in close-knit teams to provide the very best accounting services and results. Currently we have a fantastic opportunity for an experienced and driven Accountant to join our West Perth team and lead the implementation of an exciting new forecasting and reporting tool. Working as part of a high performing and professional team, this key role will be responsible for providing efficient and confidential services including: Developing and maintaining effective client relationships; Leading the implementation of a new client service platform; Taxation compliance, planning and advisory; Financial and special purpose reporting; Business advisory services; and Building and managing an effective team. To be successful in this role you will: Hold appropriate tertiary and CPA / CA qualifications; Have extensive experience with FUTRLI or similar forecasting and reporting tools; Be able to develop and maintain excellent stakeholder and client relationships; Be able to meet set targets through effective team leadership; Demonstrate a high level of attention to detail; Be highly organised and self-motivated; Have strong IT skills and be able to apply those to the implementation of systems and processes. Your experience in driving and implementing new systems and processes will set you apart from other applicants. Your valuable contribution will be rewarded with an attractive remuneration package, career development and the opportunity to actively contribute to the growth and development of the Firm. Please direct any queries regarding this role to WCA “ People & Culture Solutions at (08) 9383 3293 or admin@wcasolutions.com. 
 Corestaff are currently seeking an experienced Accounts Payable Officer for work based in Lansvale. This position is an ongoing position, working Monday to Friday 8.30am to 5pm and is an ASAP start. Your duties will include but are not limited to: Ensure all invoices and purchase orders are coded to correct cost centre Ensure All invoices and purchase orders have been approved by the appropriate person Draw cheques where required Mark and select invoices for payment Complete vendor forms for branches To be successful for this position you will need to have: Minimum 2 years experience in Accounts Payable Certificate IV. Accounting / Bookkeeping Experience using ERP systems (Navision preferable) Ability to work Monday to Friday Ability to commence ASAP If you believe you have met the above criteria, then please forward your resume by clicking the "Apply Now" button or alternatively you can contact Corestaff on (02) 8881-0901. 
 Immediate Opportunity - CBD location - Friendly and reputable firm offering Flexibility Your new company Due to continued growth and exceptional service levels this expanding 1 Partner Insolvency Practice is seeking to take on board a progressive and professional Insolvency Intermediate. Your new role In this role you will gain exposure to corporate insolvency work. From liquidations, small to medium turnarounds, you will gain broad experience in an environment that encourage all employees to be involved. What you'll need to succeed You will have proven experience within Insolvency for a minimum of 3 years and have a strong academic background to support your practical experience. What you'll get in return Joining this firm will allow you to work for a Partner and Senior Managers from leading Insolvency Practices who aspire to provide first class in a flexible, friendly and personal firm. What you need to do now For more information on this great career opportunity please contact Julie Andreolli at julie.andreolli@hays.com.au or call 02 82269704. 
 The Company An unmatched innovator in its field, this exceptional architectural business has a niche, global footprint. The organisation successfully continues to grow in the Australian market, and win contracts from its competitors. The Role A varied mix of transactional finance & month end duties, this is a perfect role for a Part Qualified Accountant to drive forward their career. Month end reporting: P & L reporting; balance sheet reconciliations; preparing sales reports & cost analysis Bank Recs End to End Accounts Payable for Sydney & Melbourne offices Accounts Receivable - allocations; receipting; billing The Person An ambitious & hardworking individual who can successfully integrate themselves into a diverse group of stakeholders. Superb interpersonal & communication skills are essential. Benefits Work with a career mentor in a first class organisation that can provide development as the business grows & evolves. Work with a creative & inspirational set of colleagues. To apply please click APPLY now to send your resume through to Michael Dowds at AccountAbility 
 Together we have a greater impact. Our people can be proud that, as a leading international agri-business, we provide an increasingly important service across the food and beverage supply chain. About our team In 2016, GrainCorp celebrated 100 years of growth. Today, we are proud to be Australia's largest agribusiness with diversified operations that span four continents and the global food supply chain. Beginning with an acquisition in 2009, GrainCorp Malt is one of the world's top four commercial malt producers. With a significant presence in the United States, Canada, Australia, and the United Kingdom, our malting business is strategically positioned to supply leading global brewers as well as the craft beer and distillery segments with its international footprint. Overall, we operate 17 malt production facilities and multiple warehouse locations, spanning three continents. About the role Based at BBM's Head Office in Richmond (VIC), we have a wonderful opportunity for an experienced Management Accountant to join the Barrett Burston Malting team on a permanent basis. The role reports into the Senior Management Accountant where you are responsible for supporting the business in different aspects of management accounting with a focus on key areas including raw material costs, manufacturing costs, overhead costs, payroll costs, utility costs, sales, capex and inventory. In this role, you will drive budgets, prepare reports and various ad hoc reporting, project work and capital expenditure proposals. About your experience You will have outstanding technical accounting ability combined with sound knowledge of management accounting within the manufacturing and/or commercial environment. With your strong analytical skills and your hands-on approach to understanding process, you will add value with your exceptional Excel skills and demonstrated skills in planning organizing and problem solving and of course reducing costs. In addition to the above, the successful candidate will also have:  Degree Qualified and Commencement of Professional Qualification (CPA/CA or equivalent)  Present with previous work experience working within the manufacturing/commercial industries  The ability to learn processes quickly  Demonstrated skills in planning, organizing and problem solving  Excellent communication skills and the ability to build rapport with key stakeholders/vendors. Together we realise our potential. At GrainCorp, we value and respect the different perspectives and experiences our people bring to work each day. We aim to increase the diversity of our workforce - leading to a range of different thinking, perspectives and ideas that create the innovation we need to drive better business results. We aim to have a work environment where everyone feels included and everyone can realise their full potential. Next steps If you have questions regarding this role the Talent Acquisition Team is available to have a confidential discussion. You can contact Anita Bosevski on 02 9266 9316. 
Position Description With team fit and culture a priority, this law firm is seeking a dynamic and motivated Accounts Officer to join their team on a permanent basis. Reporting directly to the Head of Finance, the role will include but not be limited to the following duties: Accounts Payable duties: Management of relationships with suppliers Timely and accurate processing of invoices weekly Statement reconciliations Processing credit card account reconciliations Managing cash expense claim processing Accounts Receivable duties: Setting up new accounts and monthly invoicing  Processing invoices/credit notes Handling telephone account queries - internal/external Reconciling debtor accounts as well as; Receipting/Banking  Ideal Candidate Previous experience within trust accounting Demonstrated excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to multi-task Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment Ability to prioritise own work, and have excellent time management skills Additional benefit Flexible working hours Mentorship & career development Fun and dynamic work environment To discuss further, please contact Daniel Close on (03) 9616 2617 or dclose@sharpandcarter.com.au 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us collect debts and lead the improvement of our debt recovery arrangements. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review An important part of our work is to investigate instances of serious and intentional misuse, misappropriation, and fraudulent obtaining of funds in relation to Health Provider access to Australian Government Health funding programs.  We undertake investigations under Part IID of the Human Services (Medicare) Act 1973, referring matters to the Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions (CDPP) for criminal prosecution. We need staff across Brisbane, Sydney, Canberra, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices. We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to investigations at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels.  Who are we looking for? People with experience in  investigations in government or other sectors , and People with experience in  fraud and entity analysis What will you do? As part of the Investigations Section, you will be part of a team or a team leader at more senior levels assist or lead the following Investigation Team core work: Conduct analysis of suspected fraud cases referred to the team; Conduct investigations into cases of fraud and fraud-related non-compliance for referral of cases to the CDPP, and Raise associated debt; prepare briefs of evidence for the CDPP undertaking search warrants as required. You will enjoy working as part of a team and contributing to the work of the division Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You have some understanding and perhaps experience in taking part in major operations which can include the preparation and execution of search warrants, records of interview, witness statements and briefs of evidence to the CDPP. You will contribute to making sure investigations are conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You will be able to contribute to the development of policy and procedures for the conduct of investigations as required You have some  knowledge and perhaps experience (particularly  those at more senior levels) in  criminal and civil court proceedings You have some understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You hold or a able to complete a certificate iv or diploma in Government Investigations or similar What you need to know Positions are based in Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Canberra or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Negative Vetting Level 1 Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3-APS6 range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us collect debts and lead the improvement of our debt recovery arrangements. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review An important part of our work is to investigate instances of serious and intentional misuse, misappropriation, and fraudulent obtaining of funds in relation to Health Provider access to Australian Government Health funding programs. We undertake investigations under Part IID of the Human Services (Medicare) Act 1973, referring matters to the Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions (CDPP) for criminal prosecution. Who are we looking for? Experienced investigators Experienced fraud analysts What will you do? As part of the Investigations Section, you will lead a team that: Conduct analysis of suspected fraud cases referred to the team; Conduct investigations into cases of fraud and fraud-related non-compliance for referral of cases to the CDPP, and Raise associated debt; prepare briefs of evidence for the CDPP undertaking search warrants as required. Executive Level 1 staff provide leadership and management of the PBID. Who are you? You will hold qualifications in Accountancy You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and experience in overseeing major operations, the preparation and execution of search warrants, records of interview, witness statements and briefs of evidence to the Public Prosecutor Office or; You have extensive experience in fraud and entity analysis. You can ensure all investigations are conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You will be able to assist in the development of policy and procedures for the conduct of investigations as required You are experienced in giving evidence in criminal and civil court You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will hold a Diploma in Government Investigations or equivalent, or ability to gain within 12 months. What you need to know Positions are based in Sydney, Melbourne or Canberra Office Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Negative Vetting Level 1 Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 A part time position (2 days per week) has become available for a professional Payroll Officer to join a government organisation based near Strathfield for a 6 month contract. Reporting to the Payroll Manager, this position will best suit someone who has had a couple of years' experience and is confident with SAP. The payroll officer will support the team with BAU tasks that could include: Assisting with processing employees through SAP Prepare, balance & reconcile payroll, Payroll Tax, Workers Compensation and annual and monthly Partner Accounts Update and maintain employee database system with new starters, departures and terminations. Provide quality customer service when answering all employee queries The right person for the Part-Time Payroll position will have: Experience with SAP (Essential) Previous payroll experience (2 years at least) Have exceptional communication both written and spoken Ability to work in a team environment High attention to detail Exceptional customer service and the ability to build relationships This Company is located in the South-west, close to Strathfield and close to many options for public transport or there is on-site parking available. The Payroll Officer position provides a competitive salary of $35-$40 per hour. The position is for 6 months with the potential for extension. If this looks like an opportunity you would be interested in, please apply ASAP as the role will be filled quickly. Please apply by emailing though your CV through the provided link and for additional questions regarding the position please call Chris Nguyen in Hudson's Sydney office on 8233 2112. Unfortunately due to high interest only suitable candidates will be contacted. 
Our Client Our client is an industry leader in Commercial and Industrial Construction. They have continued to grow and expand their organisation, and have secured themselves a large portion of the market. The Role Reporting to the Payroll Manager, this role will see you with the following duties: High volume processing of weekly payroll for separate entities, Processing is end to end, i.e.. Set up & terminations, entitlement calculations, tax & superannuation calculations, point of contact for enquiries, Checking and verifying time sheets, Month end, First point of contact for all payroll related enquires, Ad hoc duties as required of the role.    The Successful Candidate To be considered successful for this role, you will have at least 3 years experience in a dedicated payroll position. You will also display the following: Well versed in WA legislation, Experience in any system implementation,  High ability to meet deadlines, High attention to detail, High team player with strong responsibility and accountability. 
 Well-known, innovative and expanding organisation looking for commercially minded finance professional to join a high-performing team. Highly suited to individuals with exposure to large complex organisations. Client Details Our Client is a market leading global business. With a collection of award winning products and exciting project underway, this is the ideal time to join a high-performing team. Description Reporting directly to the Finance Manager, you will be responsible for ensuring that the objectives of the Accounting and Finance department are achieved in the most effective and efficient manner. Specific duties will include; Assisting with budget preparation Month End procedures including Balance Sheet and P & L Reconciliations Preparation of monthly consolidated financial accounts reporting pack Maintaining Fixed Assets Register Ad Hoc Reporting Profile This is an exceptional opportunity for a commercially minded and driven finance professional. This appointment requires someone who is CA/CPA qualified and has proven exposure ideally in a large complex organisation. A ˜can do' attitude, the ability to communicate with people at all levels and a willingness to do both high level and hands on work is a must. Job Offer Your commitment and passion to the role will be rewarded with a highly competitive remuneration package. You will enjoy functioning within a team which offers the opportunity to broaden your skill set and develop your capabilities. To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Jake Densley on +61 3 9607 5629 
 The role: Reporting to an impressive Financial Controller, this is a rare opportunity to truly hone your financial and analytical skills in a highly commercial business partnering role. This will provide you with opportunities to advance your career that are limited only by your own imagination. Whilst you will have a strong technical accounting background, this is NOT simply an accounting role, this is a strategic role for someone with exceptional communications skills. Within a dynamic and greatly sought after industry, this business is globally known and a true success story. Initial key responsibilities of the role include, but are not limited to: Liaising with key business stakeholders and proactively investigating information required to make business critical decisions Providing analysis and reports related to the business performance e.g. P&L analysis, variance analysis, and broader operational analysis Preparing the Board & Management packs Weekly forecast reporting and annual budgeting Ongoing review and improvement of existing processes Adhoc strategic projects identified by the business Cash flow forecasting Who are you: You will have 5-6 years' experience within the Finance function, with some exposure to Management Accounting Degree & CA/CPA qualified Advanced Excel skills and an ability to quickly pick up new systems An impressive individual who exudes drive and proactivity, keen to add commercial value to an organisation Intuitively analytical with an innate affinity with numbers, coupled with exceptional demonstrated business partnering and stakeholder management skills You have at least 1+ years' experience within the FMCG/ retail/ manufacturing/ product-based industries Collaborative, open and fun attitude combined with a high level of professionalism Why apply: Rare opportunity to play a strategic and commercial role whilst partnering with financial and non-financial colleagues Significant and frequent exposure to impressive key senior stakeholders Huge potential to advance and shape your career as this well-known business continues its exciting growth trajectory Great culture, offices and location Next steps: You need to apply ASAP to be considered for this exceptional opportunity and you need to fit the requirements above as our client has specific criteria. Apply with a CV along with a brief covering note. 
Our Client   Offering a diverse range of products and services across Australia, our client values innovation, superior customer service and team work. Our client has an immediate requirement for a Payroll Officer to join their team on a 6 month, working 4 days per week (Monday to Thursday).   The Role    Reporting directly to the Payroll Manager, the duties and responsibilities of the role will include: End to end processing of Payroll Setting up new starters Award and EBA interpretation Payroll Reconciliations Providing exceptional customer service to all Payroll related queries Working as part of a team and promoting company values Undertake any other duties, as directed by the Payroll Manager About you    To be successful for this role, you will have previous experience in end to end payroll processing and have recent Meridian experience. A high attention to detail and exceptional customer service skills are essential. We are looking for a  team player who brings a positive and professional attitude to work.   If this role appeals to you and you are available with very short notice, APPLY NOW for immediate consideration or contact Hayley or Siobhan on 07 3118 0125.   To apply for this role please follow the apply now button or for a confidential discussion please contact me on the number below 
 The Company: With continuing expansion, this professional services organisation is sets the benchmark in their sector with their unique value proposition and specialised focus.  As they continue to expand the opportunity has arisen for an Accountant to support the team with the day to day accounting and reporting aspects of the accounting function.    The opportunity: Very much a hands-on position, your will work across General Ledger reconciliations and journals Management reporting and variance analysis Assisting with board reports and ad-hoc reports Assisting with the budgeting and forecasting processes AP recs, payments, cashflows and banking AR and collections processes Payroll processing and reporting Reconciliations of B/S and P&L accounts Timesheeting, WIP and billing Follow up and initiation of queries The Candidate: You are an ambitious and determined Accountant seeking breadth and variety in your next role within a small/mid sized organisation.  This could be your 1st or 2nd step from Chartered, Legal or a similar consulting services organisation, your previous experience in one of these 3 types of firms being essential.  You will be degree qualified, preferably CA or CPA.  You will be well versed in managing the day to day accounting functions, and also business partnering with and influencing senior stakeholders.  You will also be confident with systems and technology being tech savvy & change oriented.  Above all, you will bring an innovative mentality, flexibility and pride yourself on your accuracy and attention to detail.   The Offer: On offer is an immediate start position at a successful and growing business. It is a challenging role offering a real career opportunity in-line with the growth of an industry leader.  If you have exceptional skills in the above areas and are looking for a new and exciting challenge, please make an application by clicking the 'Apply' tab to submit your resume in Word format to Leon Cutler at Lawson Delaney.  
 Permanent role FIFO from Perth 8/6 roster Client Details Work for an well established organisation with a strong trajectory of growth, this ASX listed resources organisation will offer an excellent platform to develop your career within the mining industry. Description Reporting to the Commercial Superintendent, your role will be a diverse and challenging one, requiring you to interact with stakeholders on site. More specifically, your key deliverables will include, but won't be limited to: Ensure effective compliance of month end procedures Accurate budgeting and forecasting including the commentary on any variances Analysis of key cost drivers Working closely with the managers on site to understand their costs and potential savings to be made Asset register Prepare balance sheet reconciliations Profile A keen eye for detail along with excellent time management skills, and a good level of initiative will really enable success in this role. If you feel that you'd be the right fit for this role and have the experience required in the outlined criteria Job Offer FIFO position Additional benefits Operational role To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Rebecca Clarke on +61 8 6430 6421 
 WANT TO MOVE AWAY FROM COMPLIANCE - IF SO, THIS IS THE ROLE FOR YOU !! YOUNG, DYNAMIC AND GROWING TEAM BASED 5 MINUTES FROM THE CBD A FIRM THAT PRIDES THEMSELVES ON BEING 'DIFFERENT' TO THE REST EXCEPTIONAL CAREER DEVELOPMENT AND PROGRESSION OPPORTUNITIES $70-90K PLUS ! COMPANY This accounting firm based in the Brisbane Inner City Suburbs prides themselves on the innovative and progressive business advisory solutions that they provide their clients. Led by an experienced and motivated Director, this firm is growing at an enviable rate and aims to double their size in the next 5 years! POSITION Due to growth, the need for a Senior Business Services Accountant has risen. This is an advisory based role dealing with SME and HNW clients. This role would suit someone who is looking to step away from conventional compliance accounting into a role that will focus on advisory and value added services. CANDIDATE The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate: CA/CPA Qualifications or near completion 4+ years experience in Australian Public Practice Exceptional communication and presentation skills (non negotiable) Strong understanding of Australian Tax Law The successful candidate will be rewarded with a highly competitive remuneration package that will reflect their skills and experiences. If this is the position you have been looking for to get out of compliance into an advisory role, please apply today! If you have the above criteria apply below, or phone Desha Joseph 0439 775 709 or email for more information. You can also join our Facebook page to be kept updated with all other opportunities currently available.http://www.facebook.com/pages/ROC-Consulting-Group/229597947063513 or visit our website at www.rocconsulting.com.au 
Position Description With team fit and culture a priority, the business is seeking a dynamic and motivated Accounts Payable Officer to join their team on an initial period of 3 months, with a view for Permanent. Reporting directly to the Accounts Payable Manager, the role will include but not be limited to: Cash allocations Cash flow management Group cash flow Processing of invoices Bank reconciliations Coding invoices Acting as a back up to Accounts Payable Ad hoc tasks as required Ideal Candidate Previous experience within Accounts Payable Demonstrated excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to multi-task Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment Ability to prioritise own work, and have excellent time management skills Organisational Profile Our client is a market leading business who are known for their involvement in some of the countries biggest brands. They boast a high performance culture which rewards success with excellent career opportunities, and offer staff a fun and flexible work environment. How to apply To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Taha Sayed on tsayed@sharpandcarter.com.au. 
 About the Role Roles like this don't come up that often. Bookkeeping is typically synonymous with smaller organisations, offering limited support and development opportunity. Our Corporate Bookkeeping division offers exceptionally high quality service to a wide range of the firm's clients in a corporate, professional and progressive environment.  This opportunity sits within an innovative, technology driven team that's about more than just processing. Whist the role has a strong client and service focus, it's also very important that we maintain a culture that's warm, energetic and supportive.   Reporting to the Corporate Bookkeeping Manager, this role manages the day to day bookkeeping for a great portfolio of clients. Joining a small team of 4 onsite and another 4 offsite, we require a self-starting, team player with a wealth of knowledge and experience and a great attitude.  This client facing role is best suited to a Bookkeeper with strong communication skills and the confidence needed to support both technical and personal requirements of the role.  The Bookkeeper will also manage an Accounts Assistant who will assist with processing and data entry.   Responsibilities include: Reconciliation; intercompany transaction and loans, accounts  Preparation of BAS, IAS, monthly accounts, client meetings , budgets, company cash flow and budget projections/forecasts Set up of client chart of accounts  Liaise with Australian Tax Office, Australian Securities and Investments Commission, Banks, Advisors Full payroll transaction function including payroll tax, WorkCover, superannuation guarantee payments termination pay Client invoices, account reconciliation Following up on outstanding debtors Company cash-flow and budget projection and forecasts About You With 3-5 years (or more) of Bookkeeping experience across a variety of industries and software packages, the ideal candidate will be capable, adaptable and willing to provide the highest level of service to the firm's clients. It is required that you have an interest in building internal and external networks and are proactive about ongoing system and process improvement. With relevant skills and qualifications, the successful candidate will have worked with Xero, QuickBooks and/or MYOB (ideally Cloud based). They will also have great time management skills, able to multitask and prioritise well.  Our motivated, friendly and growing organisation is looking for another member to join the business. We look forward to showcasing just how great it is to be part of something so successful and rewarding.  About the Organisation We are serious about success at Moore Stephens. Moore Stephens is a progressive and active member of the Moore Stephens International network with over 600 offices in 108 countries; we combine a local feel, with global appeal. We are a leading provider of business solutions to the market and our purpose is to provide advisory, assurance, accounting, taxation and technology solutions to organisations and private clients. We have an exciting vision and well planned strategy for our future growth and are dedicated to building a team, culture and environment where everybody has the opportunity to contribute to our success. To  Apply To apply for this role, please send your confidential CV with a Cover Letter addressing the above criteria via the Seek link below.       
ABOUT THE CLIENT AND ROLE Our client is a medium-sized PE-backed company that has shown consistently strong growth over the last 2-3 years. This trend is set to continue, seeing the need for an experienced Payroll Officer for a 4 - 8 week Contract to support the finance team. DUTIES Documenting, training and managing payroll processes; Focusing on workforce integration; Combining T&A systems from newly-acquired branch of the company; Combining payroll systems from newly-acquired branch of the company; Transitioning of state teams into Melbourne head office; SKILLS & EXPERTISE Strong technical payroll background and proven integration experience; Experience in end-to-end payroll position for a medium to large organisation; Prepare and process payroll in accordance with various awards, enterprise agreements, industrial instruments and variations to contract; Intermediate to advanced MS Excel skills; Well developed interpersonal communication skills, interacting positively with a wide range of people from diverse backgrounds; Be a strong team player and demonstrate a willingness to get involved and continuously improve yourself and your working environment. BENEFITS Brand new office space HOW TO APPLY Click the APPLY button and attach your resume and cover letter. Please be advised our screening process will take approximately 3 to 5 business days from the date this ad was posted. From here, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. 
 This massive corporate has operations across the country and multiple business interests. With a clear and defined objective to reposition the business and further develop growth, they are in the early stages of their growth and continue to expand at a rapid rate. An opportunity exists in the Commercial Finance team for a motivated and ambitious Commercial Analyst. The purpose of the role is to provide financial expertise and decision support to the various teams within the business regarding deals and sales growth. You will add value through detailed financial modelling, budgeting/forecasting and being exposed to new business cases and acquisitions. The role will also involve in-depth projects to inform business units of key drivers behind business performance. This role represents an outstanding career opportunity for a bright and enthusiastic Commercial Finance Analyst with a keen sense of commercial acumen. Ideally, you will have at least three years experience in a similar value add role, preferably within FMCG/Retail. With exceptional analytical skills, you will be a confident communicator adept at interpreting complex financial data. This will suit an ambitious individual who will thrive in a results driven, high performance environment. If you are interested in the above role, please apply using the link below or contact John O'Donnell at jodonnell@morganmckinley.com.au Morgan McKinley is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Please note that any references to salary or pay rates in this advertisement and in the salary refinement section are indicative only and should only be used as a guide. 
 Here is your chance to experience the inner workings of a recently listed Blue Chip organisation. Are you in Practice? Do you want to leave? This is the role for you! This is a fantastic opportunity to learn and develop your accounting skills within a fast moving and elite business. Spanning the accounting and tax spectrum you will be surrounded by the best and - with that in mind - I need the best. Basic responsibilities include assisting with; Statutory compliance and reporting Financial controls Corporate accounting Financial management Tax I need exemplary verbal and written and communication skills so please consider this when applying. 
 Show us what you've got! New accountant in boutique practice About us We are seeking a new accountant to grow into our firm and become part of our team.  We are a small Chartered Accounting firm located at the northern end of the Sunshine Coast and provide high quality business services, taxation advice and SMSF compliance services. We have a relaxed and friendly culture, but this does not reduce our professionalism.  We are recognised for going the extra mile for all our clients.  We provide flexible leave arrangements; paid study leave and generous ongoing training subsidies.   About the role This is a full-time role working closely with the business owner and senior accountant.  The role will see you providing services including Preparation of Business Activity Statements, Instalment Activity Statements and Financial statements; Preparation of tax returns for individuals, companies, trusts and partnerships; Interacting with the Australian Taxation Office as required; Supporting senior staff, and General office duties as required   About you You may have recently, or be about to, graduate with an accounting or business degree, or you may be able to demonstrate prior learning or experience to be at this level of accounting.  You will be keen to learn, have an eye for detail and excited to move into the expert world of accounting. You will be well presented, polite and able to communicate professionally and effectively via email, telephone and face to face.  The ability to see outside of the box will be well received and you will show initiative, have great time management skills and be a problem solver. You will learn how to prepare Business Activity Statements, Financial Statements and how to prepare tax returns for our clients using Handisoft.  You will learn how to pull the information for these statements and returns from accounting packages such as Xero, MYOB and Reckon. Experience in these products is not essential but well regarded.  You will have skills with Excel and Word.  You will be given a wide range of tasks covering the many and varied roles expected of an accountant in public practice. You will be expected to become a part of our expert team and to continue to grow and learn under your own endeavour and with our help.   Wages will be negotiated commensurate to your experience.  Please forward your application to jrcajp@gmail.com.  We appreciate the efforts of all applicants and will endeavour to reply to all candidates. 
 The candidate must have good accounting skills, the ability to multitask and work within a team environment.  Your role will be diverse and will encompass a variety of different functions. The position being offered is on a Full-Time basis (Monday to Friday, 9am to 5.00pm) In this position, you will be required to perform the following tasks: Accounts Payable and Receivable EOM and EOY reporting BAS Bank Reconciliations Calculation and processing of weekly payroll Administration of payroll related taxes, and superannuation Processing supplier invoices Reconciling supplier statements Data entry General office and administrative duties The successful candidate will need to possess the following skills: Minimum 3 years' experience in handling a similar role Experienced skill with QuickBooks (Reckon) or similar Experience in Accounts Payable and knowledge of accounting principles High attention to detail, and the ability to prioritize work The ability to learn our "in house computer systems"  Fast learner, adapt quickly to new skills Able To Multi Task Have an excellent phone manner Have excellent customer service skills Having had any marketing experience would also be an advantage  
 Would you like to help shape our brand, and make an impact that matters with our clients, in a successful and growing Tax function? Working in an inclusive and collaborative team environment you will be given the capabilities and knowledge to build trusted relationships and lead and mentor a high performing team. About the Role Our Tax Advisory team is focused on providing expert tax advice and services to some of the region's largest and most highly regarded businesses. Working on Corporate and International Tax transactions, M&A and restructures you will be exposed to the day to day tax affairs of some of Tasmania's most complicated entities. This is an exciting opportunity for an ambitious Manager, with a hunger for career progression and development, to lead a high performing team and assist in driving business strategy. You will be involved in the provision of a range of value-added Tax services, including: Delivering complex tax advice in relation to such matters as corporate restructures, acquisitions and divestments as well as tax losses, tax consolidation, CGT, debt/equity Project management and delivery of multiple client engagements, including, identification of issues and opportunities, research and preparation of advice on complex tax matters Financial management of engagements, including assisting with proposals, budgeting, billing and controlling of work in progress Building and managing trusted client relationships through exceptional client service Manage and mentor our upcoming talent in the team through coaching and on the job training About Your Experience As a Manager within this fast paced and dynamic Tax team, you will strive to make an impact that matters, by delivering quality advice across a range of complex areas. You will also possess the following skills and attributes; Prior experience in a professional services or top-tier legal environment, in the international or corporate tax areas Exposure to multinational companies, private equity or mid-cap listed firms is preferable Degree qualified in Commerce and/or Law As a self-starter you will have a strong track record of consistently driving results and taking the initiative About Our Culture Deloitte is an equal opportunity employer. We are innovative and different because YOU are¦ we pride ourselves on our team of diverse Deloitte Professionals who are talented, supportive, inclusive and social - and who are at the heart of our success. Our aim is to ensure that all our people feel comfortable to bring their whole selves to work, and as a result, create a workplace that encourages the true spirit of 'And different'. At Deloitte, we assume that you perform other roles within your life¦.you could be a student, a teacher, a passionate hobbyist and a caring family member. We recognise the importance of balance and embrace agility, understanding that this means different things to each and every one of our employees. Next Steps If this sounds like an exciting opportunity that aligns with your experience and career goals, we want to hear from you! Click Apply below and submit your application. 
 Flexible work options - work smarter in a way that suits your lifestyle. Drive your career in the world's leading Assurance practice Work in brand new state of the art facilities in the heart of Melbourne Our Financial Services (FS) Assurance practice services a diverse range of high profile clients in sectors including superannuation, investment management, insurance and banking and capital markets, drawing on the skills of a specialised and high calibre team of professionals. We provide assurance services to majority of the APRA regulated Superannuation industry and many of the ASX listed companies.   About the role At PwC, we help Australian businesses, not-for-profits and governments create value and improve the way they work. From improving healthcare, to creating smarter cities and igniting Australia's start up industry, you'll build trust in society and solve important problems.   Due to its continuing success and growth, FS Melbourne has an opportunity for a Senior Accountant to join their team. As a Senior Accountant you will be responsible for all aspects of effective client service including assisting with engagement management, planning, budgeting, staff allocation, providing technical advice, and delivering results to the client. You will also be involved in supervising and coaching junior staff on a daily basis.   About you Ideally you will be a Certified Accountant (CA/CPA) with 3-4 years audit, controls, accounting or operational risk experience. A working knowledge of the superannuation, international pension or investment management industry is critical. We are seeking a high calibre individual with excellent communication skills and the desire to provide exceptional client service. You will have the desire to work in a dynamic team environment and assert yourself as a specialist within the growing superannuation industry. What we offer Working for Australia's largest professional services firm you'll join a global network spanning 157 countries that delivers meaningful outcomes for a wide range of clients.   Our culture and benefits are why we're LinkedIn's number one Australian workplace. With state of the art offices and premium technology, each person has access to flexible work options. The dress policy is flexible too - you choose what you wear based on the work you do with your team and clients.   Fostering an inclusive culture and embracing differences is at the core of everything we do. PwC empowers you to be yourself and work with people from many backgrounds to achieve things never thought possible. Get involved in our employee-led diversity networks (cultural, disability, LGBTI or gender equality) and benefit from our best-in-class policies such as 18 weeks maternity/paternity leave, flexible work and gender equity.   Up for a challenge? We're committed to helping our people unleash their potential. Hard work doesn't go unrewarded and industry best coaching, mentoring, training and development are ready and waiting. If you hold a genuine desire to make a difference and want to surround yourself with like-minded, talented and driven individuals who strive to do the same, apply now.   Eliza Wearn is the Recruitment Manager for the role. As the team experience high volumes of applications, we appreciate your patience to allow for a timely and fair process for all. The minimum base salary for this role is sixty five thousand Australian dollars. 
 Join a growing Asset Finance Business based close to public transportation in North Sydney. Your new company Our client is an Asset Finance Business that has been gaining traction here in the North Sydney area. Over the last couple years they've grown their team and are now looking to expand their client services/credit team. The offices are brand new, bright and have an excellent view of the city. Close to public transportation, this is an excellent opportunity to secure a role that will elevate your career. Your new role As the client services/credit officer, you will be reporting to the finance manager. The responsibilities will include: Managing your own ledger Building relationships with key clients and answering their queries Collections Managing credit terms with key clients Bank reconciliations Managing the client payment process Contractual changes Managing the billing charges Data collation Ad hoc duties What you'll need to succeed This role is perfect for someone who has a strong passion for customer service and relationship building. As this role is very specialized, it would be excellent to have previous experience with B2B vendor finance and asset finance. Experience with a large ERP system as well as strong Excel skills would be a huge plus. As you will be liaising with clients on a daily basis, excellent verbal and written communication skills are a must. Australian citizens/PR holders only. What you'll get in return As the company is growing, there are plenty of growth opportunities and it is an excellent opportunity to advance your career. With excellent employee benefits, social activities and a competitive salary, this is an opportunity to not be missed! What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' or forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to Liz Green at elizabeth.green@hays.com.au, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Multi Channel Network (MCN) is a joint venture between Network Ten, Foxtel and Fox Sports, responsible for the advertising interests of Network Ten's 15 metropolitan free-to-air channels, 74 subscription television channels across Foxtel, 107 websites, 50 mobile sites, 72 apps, 3 IPTV services and 27 television out-of-home locations. MCN delivers the extraordinary combination of a high value subscription television audience, with the fastest-growing free-to-air network, plus the largest broadcast-quality digital video network in Australia. You can find out more at www.mcn.com.au MCN currently has a vacancy for an Accounts Receivable Credit Officer within our Finance Department in the Sydney Office. Reporting to the National Credit Manager, we are looking for someone to assist with all aspects of the Accounts Receivable function and with other finance department functions from time to time.    As an Accounts Receivable Officer, the key responsibilities of the role are;  Managing all aspects of the Accounts Receivable function from Account Set-up, Invoicing, Collection, Cash Application, Account Queries and Reporting; Posting AR and Cash Related journals; Ad hoc projects and tasks as may arise from time to time to assist other members of the finance team or wider business. This is a highly administrative role and the right candidate would ideally possess the below skills; Excellent verbal and written communication skills, as this position will need to liaise with various internal and external stakeholders and customers; Advanced Microsoft Excel skills ((V-Lookup's & Pivot Tables); Self-starter who can be set a task and work independently to see it through to completion; Ability to show initiative and suggest solutions to identified problems; Excellent attention to detail and ability to prioritise and time manage; Conduct themselves in a professional manner at all times; Willingness to learn and grow with the role to take on more responsibility as time goes on; Credit Analysis is an advantage but not essential. This is a great opportunity for someone with 2+ years' experience in a similar role, to join a friendly team within a dynamic company where they will get exposure to all facets of accounting and be given the chance to take on as much responsibility as they can prove they are capable of handling. What We Offer: A dynamic and challenging environment, MCN is constantly on the move “ generating innovative ideas and delivering successful campaigns. At MCN, we pride ourselves on fostering a social, relaxed and fresh atmosphere with great career progression and encouragement in personal development.  If you are looking for that fresh start in the media/advertising industry and are genuinely interested in applying for this role then please forward your CV to: jobs@mcn.com.au    
 Company Our client is an integrated Infrastructure business based in the CBD. With an excellent reputation they are looking to add a technically astute Senior Financial Accountant to join the team. Role The role exists to assist the Finance team to produce financial reporting for the company, including monthly analysis and commentary. In addition, you will support the produciton of half yearly and yearly external consolidated financial statements. With overall visibility of the group revenue and profit this position also has the ability to assist the C-suite in driving the business forward with making recommendations for new initiatives. There is also a context of growth and acquisition, which will provide a great opportunity to learn and develop. Key Responsibilities Preparation of Group monthly financial statements Assist in the preparation of monthly CFO report to the Board Prepare monthly forecast and yearly budget Prepare Group yearly reporting timetable to divisions Statutory pack maintenance for half and year-end reporting periods including reporting instructions and drive process improvements Assisting with preparation of half year and annual report, including acquisitions/disposal disclosures, cash flows, financial instruments notes Adhoc analysis/Finance Projects Key Criteria Chartered accountant - ideally with a background within audit (big 4 or top tier) Technical Financial Reporting within a commercial environment Experience within ERP systems Intermediate to advanced Excel skills 
Mills Resources has been engaged by a successful, multi-partner business with 25 staff to recruit on their behalf for an Intermediate level Tax Accountant with 2-3 years experience. If you are ready for your next career move and and exciting, challenging environment then this is the move to make! The firm has over 25 staff and offers its client base from various industries a full suite of services including tax, business advisory, smsf accounting and financial planning. Offering the successful candidate a competitive remuneration package, opportunity to work directly with clients, direct support and training from Big 4 trained and experienced Managers, this firm is growing as it attracts new clients. Role and responsibilities: Handling complex compliance work including but not limited to preparation of tax returns and financial statements for individuals, companies, trusts and partnerships. Assisting with clients requiring exceptional communication skills. Assisting in the preparation of cash flow forecasts, researching tax matters where required and assisting in the preparation of annual client budgets. Working closely with other similarly experience team members. Providing support and advice to a large and varied client base.  Partaking in training and development programs and mentoring groups. The Ideal Candidate Requirements: Must have 2-3 years recent Australian tax and business services experience Part CA or CPA Qualified  Experience dealing directly with clients  Excellent verbal and written skills Have had exposure to large clients with multiple entities and structures with turnover exceeding $20million If you feel you have what the role requires as well as the drive to succeed and progress your career further in the longer term, then please don't hesitate to contact Ross Stephens on 0447 346 883 to discuss in confidence, or APPLY NOW below. 
 The City of Swan is a dynamic local authority with responsibility for providing services and infrastructure to a rapidly growing population of over 130,000.  We are looking for talented and high performing staff to improve the quality of life for people in our community. Ideally suited to a person with a degree in Commerce or Business, majoring in Accounting or Finance, opportunities exist for self-motivated individuals to make a direct contribution to the community.  We offer outstanding development programs for graduates, with job rotations in our diverse service delivery teams enabling you to gain experience across a broad portfolio of careers. Commencing in our Finance team and rotating through all areas of the organisation, initially you will gain experience in financial and management accounting, and revenue management.  Armed with a solid financial understanding, you will spend time gaining further financial experiences in our diverse service delivery teams.  These include library and leisure centres, place management, city asset planning and maintenance (park, engineering and building infrastructure, fleet vehicles and waste services), capital project management, community development and emergency management.  You will assist with their financial matters and learn valuable insights about our community and stakeholders, giving you every opportunity to excel. Graduate Accountants at the City are armed with a high level of knowledge and skills through our training courses and diverse experiences across the organisation, professional mentoring, involvement in special projects and assistance with further studies. The program enables the achievement of CPA status and provides an ideal base for a successful career. To be considered for this highly sought after position, you will need: A Degree in Commerce or Business, majoring in Accounting or Finance; A Current Police clearance and Driver's Licence; Strong team leadership skills; Proven oral and written communication skills and High level of motivation, initiative and willingness to learn all financial aspects of our diverse service delivery teams. This permanent position offers a salary of $70,749 to $82,166 per annum, depending on skills and experience. Additional benefits include flexible work arrangements, generous superannuation matching, a 75% discount at City of Swan Leisure Centres, free parking and easy access to subsidised public transport. For enquiries, please contact Executive Manager - Stakeholder Relations, Kym Leahy, on 9267 9324. To apply, please submit your resume and a 1-2 page cover letter addressing the criteria listed above at https://careers.swan.wa.gov.au/ . Closing Date: 27 April 2018 
The Company With annual turnover of $150m, 2000 staff and development projects totalling $170m in the medium term, this group has established a strong foundation from which to achieve significant growth in the next 2 “ 5 years. For over 20 years, the Group has provided residents across its 24 facilities with the highest quality of care. The Group's aim is to make a real difference to the lives of residents and their families by offering choices in accommodation and health services, whilst providing safe, comfortable and modern environments. Through a clear strategy, organisational values, a highly regarded leadership team and a commitment to the development of their people, the Group continues to build a smarter, more agile and efficient organisation. On the back of recent growth and significant changes in industry policy regarding consumer choice, this progressive organisation is looking to appoint a Business Analyst who can proactively enhance the existing performance culture and support business decision making. The Role Reporting to the Chief Financial Officer, this newly created role will be responsible for, but not limited to, the following key responsibilities: Working closely with the senior leadership team and responsible for the group's budgeting and forecasting modelling. This will include owning and enhancing the strategic forecasting models and tools. Assist in treasury and cash management, including daily monitoring and short & medium term cash forecasting. Working in conjunction with the Group's Business Development Team, monitor and report on Group capital expenditure programs. Assist with accounting, reporting and control of the Groups non-residential assets. Assist and drive on-time discipline in the Group's reporting processes. Assist in driving significant improvements to existing systems, processes, internal controls and reporting. About You You are a high calibre individual who will help elevate the finance function to the next level and build credibility with key stakeholders. Key to this role will be strong conceptual and analytical skills (including financial modelling), exceptional communication and the ability to thrive in environments undergoing change. The successful candidate must be a self-starter, outcome driven with proven ability to collaborate in small teams. Professionally, this individual will have a big 4 audit background, with relevant tertiary qualifications who may be looking for either their first step into commerce or has a couple of years relevant commercial experience. How to Apply Please indicate your interest in this unique opportunity by providing your cover letter and CV, attention Briony Gibson through this advert or through our website at www.fourquarters.com.au.  Shortlisting will commence immediately, so do not delay in securing yourself a new position with growth opportunity built in.  Your application will be held in strict confidence.  Sponsorship/Relocation is not available on this occasion.  Work rights in Australia are required.   For additional opportunities to advance your career in 2018, please visit www.fourquarters.com.au or contact your local Australian office (Perth, Sydney, Melbourne). 
 Programmed Skilled Workforce is seeking to appoint a highly skilled Accounts Payable Officer to work with their Geraldton based client. You will be required to work closely with the finance department to provide a high level of support. This is an excellent opportunity to work in a fast paced and dynamic team environment on a permanent basis. The successful applicant will have: A minimum of 2 years' accounts payable experience MYOB experience Advanced excel knowledge Strong analytical skills with the ability to problem solve Ability to work under pressure, self-manage and work as part of a team Strong organisational skills and attention to detail Formal qualifications in finance will be highly regarded Interested? APPLY NOW using the link below As one of Australia's largest employers, we work with great companies all around Australia and New Zealand to give you the best opportunities to work when and where you want to. At Programmed, we are committed to creating a safe and inclusive environment which values and respects diverse styles, backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. We welcome and encourage women, people of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander descent and people from diverse backgrounds to apply.
 A long term temporary Accounts Receivable role has arisen with one of our ASX listed clients in the heart of the CBD. You will be able to start immediately or within a weeks notice and undertake full function Accounts Receivable tasks working closely with like-minded, bright smart people. FULL TRAINING will be provided. Who are you? You have your Accounting degree/diploma Previous experience in a customer service/high volume fast paced admin environment You will need good excel knowledge (VLOOKUPS, Pivot Tables etc) You are available to start work within one week You are bright, smart and sociable Next steps: If you are interested in this opportunity, please apply now. 
 National business looking for a commercially minded analyst to come on board to partner with Regional Managers to support strategic decision making. Great exposure to senior leadership. Client Details Our client is a national industry leader with large and supportive finance team. Strong performance has resulted in the need for an additional analyst to join the team and work with a group of Regional Managers to support strategic decision making. Description Reporting into the Senior Finance Manager, you will be responsible for providing commercial analysis and strategic support to a group of regional managers. Your role will include; Provide business performance and departmental analysis identifying key issues and trends Make recommendations on financial impacts to guide the decision making process Compile high level reports, proposals and ad-hoc analysis as required Rolling 12 month forecasting Annual Budget analysis Profile The successful applicant will be CA or CPA qualified with a university degree in accounting. You will ideally have 6-8 years experience in an industry role. Candidates with commercial analyst experience in a large Australian or International business are encouraged to apply. Large system exposure will be a positive. Job Offer Your commitment in delivering the best outcomes for the business will be rewarded with a competitive package. You will be working within a market leading organisation that will offer excellent career opportunities moving forward. To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Jake Densley on +61 3 9607 5629 
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us collect debts and lead the improvement of our debt recovery arrangements. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review An important part of our work is to investigate instances of serious and intentional misuse, misappropriation, and fraudulent obtaining of funds in relation to Health Provider access to Australian Government Health funding programs. We undertake investigations under Part IID of the Human Services (Medicare) Act 1973, referring matters to the Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions (CDPP) for criminal prosecution. Who are we looking for? Experienced investigators Experienced fraud analysts What will you do? As part of the Investigations Section, you will lead a team that: Conduct analysis of suspected fraud cases referred to the team; Conduct investigations into cases of fraud and fraud-related non-compliance for referral of cases to the CDPP, and Raise associated debt; prepare briefs of evidence for the CDPP undertaking search warrants as required. Executive Level 1 staff provide leadership and management of the PBID. Who are you? You will hold qualifications in Accountancy You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and experience in overseeing major operations, the preparation and execution of search warrants, records of interview, witness statements and briefs of evidence to the Public Prosecutor Office or; You have extensive experience in fraud and entity analysis. You can ensure all investigations are conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You will be able to assist in the development of policy and procedures for the conduct of investigations as required You are experienced in giving evidence in criminal and civil court You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will hold a Diploma in Government Investigations or equivalent, or ability to gain within 12 months. What you need to know Positions are based in Sydney, Melbourne or Canberra Office Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Negative Vetting Level 1 Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Inchcape Shipping Services, a major Australian & International Ship Agency company, has a vacancy in our North Sydney Head Office for a role in Accounts Receivable. About our company Inchcape Shipping Services is the world's leading marine services provider, with in excess of 250 offices in 67 countries. ISS provides its customers with unparalleled global shipping and marine related services delivered locally and tailored to exceptionally satisfy each customer's individual needs. Our diversified customer base includes clients across the oil, cruise, container and bulk commodity sectors as well as serving naval, government and inter-governmental clients. The Role Reporting to the Accounts Receivable Team Leader, the Accounts Receivable officer is part of a team responsible for obtaining settlement of invoices within our trading terms and ensuring the integrity of transactions within the AR ledger is maintained. Our customers are both local and international and the role will involve follow up via e-mail and telephone of any overdue unpaid invoices, resolution of disputes and accurate and timely allocation of receipts in our accounting system Dispute resolution Assist Team Leader with day to day AR Functions Reconciliation of customer accounts Responding to customer enquiries in a professional manner Assisting the AR team with daily receipting Team focus to ensure pertinent information shared Communication with the port offices around Australia Ability to liaise with our local & international based customers in a professional manner Seek settlement of unpaid invoices within our required trading terms The Requirements We are looking for a very well organised person with good communication skills who is looking for an opportunity to make a difference to an organisation in an Accounts Receivable capacity. You should have a minimum of 5 years proven AR experience working within a high volume AR team, experience of using computer based General Ledger systems, book keeping skills and a good working knowledge of all Microsoft Office products. If you have a pro-active approach to your work, the ability to work with other team members, plus a high attention to detail, we would be interested in meeting you. Please submit your covering letter and CV: closing date 24th April 2018 Inchcape is an equal opportunity employer 
 Senior SMSF Accountant, Sydney CBD Based Role, BRW Listed Firm, Top 50 Mid-Tier Your new company This reputable Top 50 Mid-Tier firm have an innovative approach to business and their focus on people initiatives have been nationally and globally recognised. They are now looking for a Senior SMSF Accountant to join their team. Your new role You will work closely with a client base from a variety of industries, and have excellent technical skills in tax and accounting compliance for SMSF. You will have proven experience in preparation of funds for audit, experience of reviewing work and superfunds, along with demonstrated ability to develop and build client relationships and having strong time management skills. What you'll need to succeed Being a self-starter, your drive to exceed clients' expectations sees you thrive on playing a key role in the client relationship. You must be CA qualified with a minimum 4 years SMSF experience, along with a proven track record of providing SMSF compliance services to clients you have worked on and you will be able to showcase this experience at interview. Experience with Class Super is desirable. What you'll get in return A competitive salary package and a number of generous health, lifestyle and professional development benefits. Along with a great work-life balance. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Tara O'Regan on (02) 8026 6157 or email tara.oregan@hays.com.au. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
Travel & Expense Manager Procurement Services Reference no. 622/0418C Lead the development and implementation of the University's travel and expense strategies Located at Camperdown/Darlington Campus Full-time, continuing, $148K pa which includes leave loading and up to 17% super About the opportunity  The Travel & Expense (T&E) Manager (reporting to the Associate Director, Procurement Operations) is responsible for developing, leading and implementing travel and expense strategies and providing specific business leadership, oversight and responsibility for end to end process design and effectiveness for T&E. They will work within Procurement and with other project leads to effectively manage and guide resources assigned to the T&E team and manage stakeholder relationships both across the University and externally. The T&E Manager will work across the following key functional areas: Travel & Expense Category Specialist - they will be responsible for delivering cost efficient travel and expense management related contracts, that optimise Travel and Expense spend across the University, and improve employee satisfaction. They will be responsible for managing the supplier relationships, including performance reviews of the University's Travel & Expense suppliers and other contract management responsibilities. They will need to work with other areas of Procurement to ensure sourcing and category activities are identified and undertaken within the travel and expense category. Management of the day to day operations of the T&E team - the responsibilities of this team include, but are not limited to: the issuance and management of corporate cards resolving customer service and technology issues ongoing training on and communication of policy and procedures training on T&E systems as required monthly finance close activities and reporting, including providing insights to senior stakeholders on spend patterns and compliance to policies and procedures.   Stabilisation and optimisation of T&E systems - they will lead the Travel & Expense resources responsible for the ongoing stabilisation and optimisation of systems (Concur & analytics tool). This will support the continuing successful adoption of these tools by the University.   About you The University values courage and creativity; openness and engagement; inclusion and diversity; and respect and integrity. As such, we see the importance of recruiting talent aligned to these values and are looking for a Travel & Expense Manager who: has demonstrated experience in Travel & Expense category management is a proven negotiator and influencer at all stakeholder levels has demonstrated experience with ownership of Travel & Expense processes, technology and support functions, including the ability to demonstrate the implementation of continuous improvement in this space holds tertiary qualifications in Business, Finance, Commerce or relevant discipline  About us   Since our inception 160 years ago, the University of Sydney has led to improve the world around us. We believe in education for all and that effective leadership makes lives better. These same values are reflected in our approach to diversity and inclusion, and underpin our long-term strategy for growth. We're Australias first university and have an outstanding global reputation for academic and research excellence. Across our campuses, we employ over 7600 academic and non-academic staff who support over 60,000 students. A critical part of the Finance department, Procurement Services supports the University to meet future challenges in the Higher Education Sector, it aims to satisfy the University's requirements for external goods, services and capital works in order to deliver excellent educational and research outcomes and demonstrates additional value to the University through the continual development of Procurement capability. The Finance Service Centre group within the Procurement Services portfolio has established strong working relationships with key stakeholders across the organisation.   This enables the identification of improvement areas across the procurement organisation and procurement functions within Faculties and Operations. We are undergoing significant transformative change which brings opportunity for innovation, progressive thinking, breaking with convention, challenging the status quo, and improving the world around us. How to apply For more information on the position and University, please view the candidate information pack available from the job's listing on the University of Sydney careers website. All applications must be submitted via the University of Sydney careers website.  Visit sydney.edu.au/recruitment and search by the reference number to apply.  Please note: visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Closing date: Friday 20 April 2018 at 5pm  The University of Sydney is committed to diversity and social inclusion. Applications from people of culturally and linguistically diverse backgrounds; equity target groups including women, people with disabilities, people who identify as LGBTIQ; and people of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander descent, are encouraged.  © The University of Sydney  The University reserves the right not to proceed with any appointment.  
 CentacareCQ has an opportunity for a fulltime Senior Accountant to join their dedicated Finance Team, inRockhampton. As member of the CentacareCQ Finance Team, the Senior Accountant will oversee the day-to-day operations of the Finance Team involving the accounts payable, accounts receivable and payroll functions as well as regular bank and balance sheet reconciliations. This role will be responsible for reviewing work productivity and unit costings throughout the organisation to optimise service delivery. Duties include: Financial Records As part of the Finance Team ensure that transactions in CentacareCQ's finance systems are recorded accurately in a timely manner; Contribute to the preparation of monthly and annual financial reports to ensure that they present a true picture of the organisation's financial position; Liaise with auditors as required regarding financial audits. Business and Resource Management Carry out regular productivity reviews across all CentacareCQ programs to determine unit costs and to assist in the development of realistic and achievable KPIs; Work with the Team Leader to support Responsible Persons in creating, monitoring and revising budgets. Finance Processes Review existing, develop and implement procedures, forms and work instructions for finance processes; Coordinate CentacareCQstaff access to and training for, finance related systems. Periodic Acquittals Work with Accountant and Team Leader to comply with Funding Body reporting requirements. Team Development Provide line management support to Finance Assistants; Support the operation of the finance team ensuring appropriate resources, training and direction is provided to all team members. Please note: The successful candidate will be required to participate in an Australian Federal Police check and a Working with children check, prior to confirmation of appointment to the position. The successful candidate will also be required to demonstrate entitlement to work in Australia, and to disclose any pre-existing injury or disease which may be adversely affected by undertaking the inherent requirements of the position. To view further details and to submit an application, please click "Apply Now". 
 Make a difference to young people Join an innovative and well recognised national not for profit Competitive salary, including generous salary packaging benefits     Established in 2006, headspace is a well-recognised, national not-for-profit organisation making a difference to the lives of young people aged 12-25 years. headspace enables young people and their families to access information and support through a national network of centres and services, and drives community awareness and education about youth mental health, early intervention and help seeking.   Reporting to the Manager of Finance, this newly created role of Financial Accountant will be responsible for the end of month process from end of month journals, reconciliations, BAS through to P&L, Balance Sheet reporting and assist in the completion of the end of month reporting pack. You will also be involved in budgeting and forecasting and financial audits and projects.  Accounts Payable will be a focus and you will provide support for this function. Payroll processing will also be an ongoing focus of this role. The successful candidate must possess a strong all round understanding of the Financial Accounting principles as well as strong grasp of the Accounts Payable and Payroll processors. Applicants must have proven experience (3 years plus) in a similar role, the ability to multi task and have a proven record of on time delivery. The applicant must demonstrate a ˜can do' attitude and have a willingness to learn as well as be able to work well both individually and as part of a small team. In return the successful applicant will have an exposure to all areas of the finance team which will cement their already strong accounting skills.   We offer a flexible, supportive environment where you have the opportunity to truly make a difference to young Australians. Salary is dependent on skills and experience; generous salary sacrifice opportunities are also available to the successful applicant. The role is offered until 30th June 2018 in line with our funding term.   Application Process: Please click on the link below to our website. Upload your personal details, letter of application, response to the key selection criteria and your CV. https://headspace.org.au/about-us/work-for-us/     Applications close: 5.00 pm 27th of April 2018   For more information: Contact George Mitanis on (03) 9027 0100   A Working with Children Check is required for all headspace positions. To be eligible to apply for this position you must have an appropriate work visa.  
 Finance manager with SAP experience who has experience managing a team of 5 + Your new company A large multi-national corporation with turnover in excess of $5bn, offering well known consumer brands and products that can be found in all supermarkets. This organisation is a market leader within the manufacturing industry. Your new role Reporting to the Financial Controller, this role will see you managing a team of 5 staff within Finance while also managing the financial and reporting responsibilities . These responsibilities include: preparing month end accounting for all entities including all reconciliations management of the fixed asset register monthly financial accounts, including variance analysis monthly management pack assisting with year end audit preparation of all tax returns What you'll need to succeed Multinational Corporation experience. Commercial experience / exposure in a FMCG environment. Tertiary Degree and Professional Accounting Body Membership (CPA / ACA). IT Systems experience - SAP experience essential. Experience managing a team What you'll get in return By working for this corporation you will receive a fantastic work - life balance, flexible working hours, a great hourly rate, and other company benefits. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
Growing Australian business that has recently taken operations internationally. It is an exciting time for the business that anticipate large scale growth. Your role In this role you will be responsible for: Month End Tasks: Preparing and processing all General and Prepayment journals. Maintaining the monthly journal register. Maintaining the Asset Register. Reviewing accrual journals posted by AP. Reconciling Bank and General Ledger Accounts. Reconcile Intercompany Accounts Reviewing the P&L and presenting results to the Financial Accountant, Managing Director, and Group Financial Controller in line with Group Reporting Timelines. Other Non-Month End / General Tasks Assist in maintaining the electronic banking service as required Assist in the Half Year and Full Year Financial Audits Assist in the Budgeting and Forecasting processes as required Process FBT, GST, and BAS claims in an accurate and timely manner Assist with the Accounts Payable processing as required Liaise with Finance teams in other states Assist in Adhoc tasks as required You will communicate with all stakeholders in a professional, cordial and friendly manner and follow the values of our organisation while doing so. The position reports to the Financial Accountant and Managing Director with dotted reporting lines to the Group Finance Team. What you will need You are self-motivated and believe in a personal commitment to the delivery of high quality work.  You have at least 2-3 years demonstrated experience in an accountant role and will either be CA or CPA qualified or working towards completing your professional accreditation. You possess strong numerical, organisational and administration skills and have excellent verbal and written communication skills.  You are comfortable in communicating with all stakeholders and do so in a professional manner.  You respect the need to work in a sensitive manner. 
 The Company Robert Half is currently recruiting for a client in the Not For Profit sector who have a vacancy for a strong Accounts Officer candidate to join their organisation on a 6 month basis. This organisation is based in the CBD and will be working within a small, supportive Finance team. This role with require a candidate to take full ownership of the duties and responsibilities involved with full autonomy. The Role Reporting to Finance Manager, your duties will include: Full function Accounts Payable Full function Accounts Receivable Credit Card reconciliations Bank Reconciliations Full month end process Ad hoc duties as required Your Profile To be successful, you will have proven experience in each of the following areas, Accounts Receivable, Payable and Payroll. You need to have a strong work ethic and be efficient with your use of time in order to be able to handle times of high pressure. Strong communication skills are vitally important, and a high level of attention to detail is essential. Recent experience using a large ERP system will be very beneficial to your application. Apply Today Please send your resume by clicking on the apply button or for further information, contact our Melbourne office on 03 9691 36 31. Learn more about our Melbourne recruitment services: http://www.roberthalf.com.au/recruitment-agency-melbourne JOB REF: 06810-0010387162SL 
ABOUT THE CLIENT AND ROLE Our client is a medium-sized PE-backed company that has shown consistently strong growth over the last 2-3 years. This trend is set to continue, seeing the need for an experienced Payroll Manager with elite stakeholder management and systems skills. DUTIES Documenting, training and managing payroll processes; Focusing on workforce integration; Combining T&A systems from newly-acquired branch of the company; Combining payroll systems from newly-acquired branch of the company; Transitioning of state teams into Melbourne head office; SKILLS & EXPERTISE Strong technical payroll background and proven integration experience; 5+ years experience in an end-to-end payroll position for a medium to large organisation; Experience in preparation and processing of payroll in accordance with various awards, enterprise agreements, industrial instruments and variations to contract; Intermediate to advanced MS Excel skills; Well developed interpersonal communication skills, interacting positively with a wide range of people from diverse backgrounds; Be a strong team player and demonstrate a willingness to get involved and continuously improve yourself and your working environment. BENEFITS Great avenue for career growth within booming organisation Brand new office space HOW TO APPLY Click the APPLY button and attach your resume and cover letter. Please be advised our screening process will take approximately 3 to 5 business days from the date this ad was posted. From here, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. 
 About the business and the role Hillier's Advisors is a Chartered Accounting firm which has been in practice for over 30 years with uur office is located in Belmont. We pride ourselves on providing our clients with a full range of accounting services, including bookkeeping, profit maximisation, business advisory, tax minimisation, taxation advice and self managed superannuation. We are now seeking a Supervisor to join our team. The successful candidate will be responsible for managing their own client list as well as assisting with the management of workflow, WIP and invoicing. We are offering a unique position filled with variety and plenty of opportunity for growth and progression. We may be a small firm, but our clients come from a large variety of sizes and industries all with their unique issues to address. This position will offer complete autonomy and responsibility over your client base. Job tasks and responsibilities The role includes the following responsibilities: Processing and review of client work including but not limited to; financial statements, income tax returns, company returns, BAS's and FBT returns.  Preparation of management reports and analysis. Attendance at clients quarterly advisory meetings including preparation and provision of advice required, Provision of advice on tax issues for clients including providing commercially relevant solutions. Supervision, training and mentoring of junior staff including workflow management. Management of WIP and invoicing on clients your are responsible for. Skills and experience The ideal candidate will possess the following: A minimum of 5 years experience in a public practice environment utilising Australian taxation legislation. Tertiary qualifications in accounting and CA/CPA membership (or studying towards it). Professional manner and good communication skills. Experience in staff management. Experience in working to deadlines and time management skills. Job benefits and perks We believe that work / life balance is very important for our staff. As such we encourage our staff to minimise work outside of business hours and offer a flexible working environment. As a small team it is important that we work well together. We have monthly team rewards involving activities such as team lunches, lawn bowls or 10 pin bowling. We also participate in the annual accountants sailing day. This position will be a key role in our business. As such we are focusing on finding the right person. Remuneration will be flexible and competitive depending on the candidates experience. 
 Woods Bagot is seeking an Accounts Assistant to join our Sydney Studio.   About the role Our studio is rapidly expanding and need additional support in the finance team. This newly created role will support the studio to manage the accounts payable function, timesheet, resource update, debtors, leave payroll report and other financial administrative duties where required.   Key Responsibilities: Gathering invoice approvals and ensure invoices are coded correctly Expenses and expenses reconciliation    Maintaining and recording of cab charges and petty cash Amex reconciliation Ensure all studio timesheets are entered by the Studio on a weekly basis Ensure all leave is submitted with the correct information and are approved and processed, and follow up where required Assist the Studio Accountant and Studio Management Leader on setting up the Studio PreWIP each month   About you As the successful candidate, you will have an understanding of administration, accounting, invoicing and billing procedures. You are a persistent person with a high level of attention to detail and a willingness to learn.   You will be able to demonstrate: 1 - 2 years' experience working in a similar role An understanding of accounting principles and payroll systems A high level of MS Excel and MS Outlook Strong written and verbal communication skills Previous experience working in a project focus environment highly desirable   About Us Woods Bagot is a leading global design studio that is committed to innovative solutions. Across our network of studios in Australia, Asia, Middle East, North America and Europe we operate in a collaborative and open environment where our global studio environment, ideas, teamwork and research allow us to deliver exceptional solutions to our clients. If you believe you're the right fit for this role, we would love to hear from you! WOODSBAGOT.COM
 Applications are invited for a full time permanent Finance Manager. This position is responsible for the management of Council's finance information, budgets, reports, ensuring audit requirements are met and adequate systems and controls are in place to meet Council's ongoing Financial Governance requirements. The successful applicant will ideally have relevant experience in local Government and other appropriate financial services, with tertiary level qualifications in accounting, the ability to lead, supervise and manage staff in a team environment. Coonamble Shire is a vibrant and expanding community which comprises of the towns Coonamble, Gulargambone and Quambone, less than two hours from Dubbo and six hours from Sydney. Services include a daily Countrylink service, two primary schools, a high school and two childcare centres.This is a genuine opportunity to enjoy all the benefits of regional living while further developing your career in a challenging and highly varied environment. The position is classified at Grade 11 of Council's Salary Structure with a salary to be negotiated in the range $79,748.24 to $92,318.56 depending upon qualifications and experience.  Conditions of employment are in accordance with the Local Government (State) Award 2017. Written applications addressing the section criteria, resume and signed employment application form are to be forwarded to the General Manager, Post Office Box 249, Coonamble NSW 2829 or email jobs@coonambleshire.nsw.gov.au and lodged by 5 PM FRIDAY 11th MAY 2018.   
   Small firm with client base of a 2nd Tier firm Strong support from admin team- focus on achieving client goals Extensive training provided- Internal & External   The Company   This CBD based firm operates under 4 directors, in a flat structure- The staff within the team is dependent on the client and job requirements, allowing staff to work with all colleagues and partners. Accountants are supported by a strong admin team and the office manager who reviews workflow and trains the streamlined processes and procedures, to ensure efficiency and assisting in achieving productivity levels.   The Role/Individual   The firm requires a personable qualified accountant, experienced in Business Services, who will fit in with the office culture, and take control of their own career path.   A suitable candidate would possess the following: Exceptional communication skills “ relevant for building relationships with clients, and staff-you will receive work from all 4 partners High level of organisational skills: Be able to manage workflow & prioritise Be a self-starter: set your own goals and achieve them in your own timeframe, without comparison to peers Growth mindset: the company likes to see staff meet their potential Strong background in Business Development   Duties:   Preparation of Income Tax Returns & Financial Statements for all types of entities- including SMSF's Preparation of Business Activity Statements, Instalment Activity Statements and PAYW Variations Liaising with the ATO on taxation matters Research “ tax and business advisory Liaise with clients and other stakeholders   Skills & Experience   The following requirements are necessary in order to be considered: 3+ years' experience in an Australian Accounting firm, with experience in a client facing role Ability to prepare Tax Returns & Financial Statements to completion for all entity types- Partnerships, Companies, Trusts and Self-Managed Super Funds Evidence of ability to create strong client rapport Completed/commenced CA program Previous experience using APS   Benefits   Exposure to large and complex clients, with the support of a smaller firm Strong study support provided + regular training & seminars provided Self-paced career progression- Directors like to see staff succeed and achieve their goals Annual Performance reviews: reviewed and monitored quarterly Social events: Christmas party, End of Financial Year, Melbourne Cup Charity involvement (1 staff member elects a charity each 6 months and the firm supports fundraising events- tennis, footy) CBD location- close to public transport, cafÃ©'s, and restaurants   To Apply Email bethany@mwrecruitment.com.au. For further information call Bethany Jones BCom (Acc) on 07 3009 6404 or 0421 995 065 
 Aurecon has a proud heritage of design excellence and delivery of complex projects. We have built our brand from that foundation and the trust our clients place in us. We describe what we stand for as Bringing Ideas to Life which reflects our belief that what we do best is to help clients bring their ideas to reality. Our Just Imagine initiative reflects our aspiration to help our clients become future ready and our design thinking strategy is an important part of this initiative. We are now seeking applications from enthusiastic, experienced Financial Administrators to join our WA Regional Finance team, located in Perth CBD.  Your Role The role involves providing high quality project support services to Project Leaders working within the WA region to enable improved project management and financial tracking. As the Project Financial Administrator you will be part of a high performing PFA Team, working closely with the Commercial Manager, providing guidance on process and procedure, managing team workload and performance development. About You  Accounting/financial background is desirable with an excellent knowledge of project financial management and project lifecycle. Your key qualities and skills would include:  Sound knowledge of the application in relation to project set up & maintenance, billing, revenue, forecasting, collections, inquiries, reports Excellent problem solving skills and the ability to make independent decisions to ensure company and project standards are maintained Good understanding of project lifecycles A self-motivated and enthusiastic attitude Engaging and team work driven with the ability to build strong internal relationships Good written and verbal communication skills A flexible approach to work in order to meet commitments Attention to detail to produce work with a high level of accuracy Good presentation skills Advanced use of Microsoft Excel to produce high quality reports  If you are attention-to-detail focused with a leadership flair and a desire to continue to develop your skillset amongst a world-class peer group, then we would like to hear from you. What We Provide We believe a career is not just a job; it's a collection of experiences you gain through professional networks, working with current technologies and expanding your knowledge base. All this while working on a broad range of projects and the possibility of local, interstate and international travel within a globally collaborative business.  Alignment with the Aurecon Attributes is also vital: Co-creative, Commercial, Sense-maker, Inquisitive, Engaging, Resourceful, Fearless and Unconventional Thinking.  Kindly refer to http://www.aurecongroup.com/en/careers/themes/why-join-aurecon/aurecon-attributes.aspx   for more detail. Working within the global Aurecon team offers extensive career prospects whilst providing an environment that empowers, encourages sustainability and promotes team work. For examples of some of our projects, visit http://www.aurecongroup.com/en/projects.aspx  . How to Apply If you are seeking an opportunity to drive and deliver project outcomes, within a creative business that encourages innovation and fresh ideas, please click the Apply Now button below.  Aurecon is an equal opportunity employer.  
 About the business We are a building services engineering consultancy with extensive experience in commercial, industrial, residential, institutional, local government and educational projects. About the role This role will encompass all areas of the accounting support function and will require previous experience across the board within accounts payable, accounts receivable, payroll, account reconciliation and some month end reporting including BAS. This role will ideally start immediately. You will be reporting to the Operations Manager, and will be responsible but not limited to: Comply with all statutory and legislative requirements Control of Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable processing Banking, payments, reconciliations, leases, credit cards BAS/PAYG monthly lodgement and payment Fortnightly/Monthly Payroll including Superannuation and Payroll Tax Monthly processing of staff expenses and payments Budget Preparation Annual Accounts preparation for external accountant Monthly, quarterly and yearly reporting Day to day administrative duties  Benefits and perks You will receive the exciting opportunity to be part of an amazing team of talented individuals, with a fantastic office environment and excellent location for transport options.  Skills and experience Minimum 5-7 years experience Relevant qualifications in accounting and/or finance Solid understanding of bookkeeping, administrative and accounting principles Extensive experience with MYOB, Microsoft Office programs Strict attention to detail and high level of accuracy Be highly organised Ability to work with initiative Recognise and implement opportunities to streamline business processes 
 25 hours per week  Immediate start With offices in Melbourne, New York, Los Angeles, London and Germany, IBISWorld is a global leader in our field, with a loyal following among the world's elite businesses. The Melbourne office is the Global Head Office, and is located at the top of Collins Street. IBISWorld has been an established player in the Business Information Industry for over 40 years. It is Australia's richest source of business information, publishing independent, comprehensive and up-to-date research on over 700 industries.   The Role We are looking for a Part-Time Accounts Receivable Officer to join our Melbourne CBD Office.  Working alongside a Full Time Assistant Accountant and reporting to the Finance Manager, the key responsibilities will be: Creating and sending client invoices Processing and allocating client payments/receipts Performing month end reconciliations Actively managing debt collection including sending statements and overdue reminders and making phone calls Handling and responding to client and staff queries General office administration Carrying out other duties as required As the ideal candidate, you will have: Comprehensive understanding of the A/R function Prior debt collection experience Exposure to MYOB accounting software package (or any accounting software package) Proficiency with MS Office including intermediate knowledge of Microsoft Excel & Word Strong communication skills High level of accuracy and attention to detail Ability to meet deadlines and manage priorities Ability to work with a high degree of confidentiality with sensitive information Ability to work both independently and as part of a team If you think you are the ideal candidate for this role, please apply by submitting your resume and a short cover letter addressing the selection criteria above via our Careers Page. IBISWorld is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All applicants must be authorised for employment in Australia. 
 The Company This dynamic timber flooring company has serviced the building industry for over seventy (70) years. The company is widely recognised for delivering a high level of professionalism and service to some of Australia's largest builders. A modern and innovative company that is experiencing unprecedented growth purely by providing fantastic customer service. Excellent Customer Service is paramount to their success. The Company Systems and continual evaluation processes make them one of the most efficient and well-respected Timber Flooring companies in Melbourne. We are looking for a passionate and highly organised Bookkeeper/ Accounts Clerk to join this small account team in a 9-month maternity leave coverage position, which has a view to become permanent for the right person. The Role Reporting directly to the General Manager  you will work as a trusted and integral team member amongst a busy, small accounts team. You will be responsible for managing the following Bookkeeping functions: Invoicing Accounts Payable Accounts Receivable Banking Data entry and maintaining a filing system General administration tasks and backup reception as required The Successful Candidate Will bring experience in managing the finances of a similar sized organisation, experience in the building industry will be highly regarded however not essential. It is also important that the successful candidate has the following: Have an excellent telephone manner Have a high degree of accuracy, with excellent attention to detail Have excellent written and verbal communications skills Skills in Xero and/or Unleashed Software is an advantage but not essential High level attention to detail and the ability to work in a small team. Good communication skills Be able to demonstrate proficiency in MS Office, including Word, Excel and Outlook Ability to meet deadlines. The Vision of this company is to retain highly talented, diverse and motivated team minded professionals who are all compatible with the culture and most of all enjoy what they do.' If you are the best in your field and have all the above and you think you've got what it takes to satisfy the requirements of this position. Take the next step in your career by applying today via the LINK and not missing out on an amazing opportunity. This is a 9-month contract position which has a potential to become a permanent position. Enquires can be made to Pauline Lautier at Simplerecruit 0407902003 
 Established in 1998, CF Asia Pacific (CFAP) Group, a subsidiary of Sasser Family Holdings Inc is the leading supplier of leased locomotive power and rolling stock to the Australian freight rail industry. CFCLA Maintenance, a subsidiary of Sasser Family Holdings, operates open access railway maintenance workshops in Adelaide & Goulburn where we maintain, overhaul, refurbish and upgrade railway locomotives, freight wagons, passenger carriages and other rolling stock. We are now seeking an experienced, personable and customer focused Commercial Operations Accountant to support the GM of our Adelaide workshop and his management team. You will have a management accounting background, budgeting and forecasting will be second nature to you and you'll be highly skilled in leading the commercial analysis of the profitability of projects/jobs and programs, and in identifying cost savings and efficiencies. Together with a small team, you will ensure timely billing to customers including project billings, reconcile payroll with job costings, oversee the supplier payment process and trade debtor management and provide administrative support to the site. You will also assist the GM in the efficient running of workshop operations and ensuring compliance with company policies and safety regulations. Prior experience within a heavy industrial environment will be advantageous, but is not essential. You will need: Financial qualifications combined with a passion for understanding the business and its operational processes At least 5 years experience in a comparable role with a commercial/project focus Proven commercial savvy, ability to analyse data and make effective and timely recommendations Well developed leadership and people management skills Proven ability to communicate and interact effectively both in writing and verbally across the organisation Ability to manage and work with a diverse population Strong relationship and stakeholder management skills Ability to work autonomously ,always projecting a positive outlook in a fast paced sometimes stressful environment Proven experience in implementing processes in a workshop environment. Our fast-paced and supportive environment will offer you many benefits, including a competitive salary, a friendly team, flexible working arrangements, and opportunities for development. This is a challenging role that will deliver great rewards to the right applicant. If this sounds like the right place and position for you, please contact Phillip Wright on 0412 012 857 for further information or please apply by COB Monday 23 April 2018.   
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices. Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  Who are we looking for? People with extensive experience and leadership roles in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? You will lead a team in one of the Compliance Sections; Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts; Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program; You will influence and develop strategy, policies, priorities and practices relating to the health provider compliance program. Who are you? You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and extensive experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will be comfortable and experienced exercising a considerable degree of independence with decision making substantially dependent on your high level judgement What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
Company This dynamic, rapidly-growing and team-oriented real estate group possesses a significant portfolio in Australia whilst maintaining an aggressive growth strategy. Role Working closely with the CEO, Asset Management and Operations, your role will initially encompass preparing group consolidations and monthly management accounts whilst assisting with half year reviews/year-end audits, preparing balance sheet, income statement reconciliations and preparing statutory financial reports. Other reporting includes treasury, custodian and Australian Bureau of Statistics. Person You will be CA/CPA qualified with current or previous experience in Big Four and Property or Funds Management. You have the ability to pull together a chart of accounts whilst possessing the hunger to learn new skills such as financial modelling. You are resourceful, pro-active and efficiency focused with high attention to detail and excellent analytical, quantitative and problem-solving skills. You will also have the confidence and communication ability to effectively partner with senior management. Apply To apply for this position, submit your CV to gabriel@redpathpartners.com or call Gabriel Fernandes on 0280714260 for more information.  Applications may take 3 - 5 days to process and due to high volumes of applications only successful applicants will be contacted. However, your application will be kept on file if a suitable position becomes available. 
 PM-Partners group are a specialist Project Management Consultancy.  We have a unique way of running projects and providing training and advice, so our clients get the best results with less cost and risk.  Each year we deliver over $3B of projects, train over 9500 people, and help some of Australia's leading brands improve their PMOs.   We believe our company culture is what sets us apart from our competitors, despite large growth we have managed to maintain a family' feel, and we are proud of our can-do environment. The owners and management team are actively involved in the business and operate an open door policy allowing your voice and ideas to be heard.   Proactive support is one of the key things you can expect when working for us along with lots of fun!   Due to exceptional growth, PM Partners are looking for a dynamic Finance Assistant to join our team.  The primary objective of this role will be to focus on Invoicing, with key responsibilities including: Invoicing across business divisions Monthly PO reconciliations Timesheet data analysis and entry Timesheet setup and maintenance  Excel reporting Ad hoc support to the Finance team   We are seeking someone with 2-3 years' proven experience in a medium sized Finance Team who is looking to join a company that can offer significant career growth. You will need to be passionate, solutions orientated, self-motivated and initiative will need to be your middle name!   Excellent communication skills and attention to detail is a must as is the desire to own and be accountable for your own areas of responsibility.   Does this role sound like the perfect next step for you? If so, please apply now by submitting your resume! 
 We have a great employment opportunity for you within our local retail office. ABOUT H&R BLOCK In 1971, H&R Block opened its first four offices in Australia, in Sydney and Melbourne. Today, H&R Block Australia are the largest tax accountants in Australia providing value added tax services for individuals and companies, bookkeeping, SMSF as well as Financial Services through our national partner. ABOUT THE ROLE We are dealing with clients both face to face and on the phone so high level written and verbal communication skills are required A minimum of 2 years of experience in a retail environment preferred Ability to multi-task quickly, accurately with minimal supervision Detail orientated and analytical abilities with good mathematical skills Ability to develop client rapport and provide excellent customer service Ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines High level of motivation and professionalism   OTHER REQUIREMENTS Successfully complete the H&R Block Tax Consultant Trainee Program* Accounting, Taxation or Financial qualifications would be an advantage, but not essential Candidates who have almost completed their accounting degree and wish to gain experience are encouraged to apply Candidates who are semi-retired with accounting or financial backgrounds also encouraged to apply Available at least 3 hours per day, 4 days per week from mid-June to late August   WHAT WE OFFER: Work flexible hours close to home Paid job specific online training commences 24th April 2018 Software training will be provided After tax season work based on performance A diverse and interesting client portfolio Work with an internationally recognized company   H&R BLOCK TAX CONSULTANT TRAINEE PROGRAM* The successful candidate will be required to complete the online Trainee Program from home and must be available to attend the online training workshops starting 24th April 2018 and concluding 15th June 2018. Trainees will be paid to attend the training workshops.   Written applications are to be sent to Bill Cashman, Human Resources Director, at bcashman@hrblock.com.au before 18th April 2018. 
 A fantastic opportunity to work for a successful SME company in the Northern Beaches Your new company A very successful SME in the Northern Beaches are seeking a hands on CA/CPA qualified Finance Manager to manage the entire Finance function in their Australian office. This position will be to support the local business with all finance management as well as report back to the Head Office based in the US. Your new role You will be responsible for the local finance management of the business which will include Overseeing and preparing monthly, quarterly and annual financial reporting, providing reports and analysis of current results to prior period and/or budget, preparing various reports to monitor company performance which include sales information, gross margin analysis by brand/product category, geographical sales reports, comparison of forecasted to actual budget. Reconcile G/L account balances and records against sub-ledgers, such as Inventory, AR, AP and Accruals, to assure the consistency and overseeing the whole payroll function. What you'll need to succeed To be successful in this position you must be a Qualified Accountant with proven experience as a Financial Accountant seeking the next step in your career. Knowledge of US GAAP compliance and accounting standards is essential. What you'll get in return The opportunity to work close to home for an ever growing SME company. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Accounts Payable Role - Fast Paced Construction & Property Company - Dynamic and Supportive Culture Your new company An exciting permanent opportunity is on offer for an Accounts Payable Officer to join this established property and construction company. This fast growing company have recently merged with a construction company and have expanded their portfolio which has in turn created this position within their finance team. Your new role Reporting directly to the financial controller you will be joining a team of highly dedicated accounts professionals. This role will offer you the opportunity to grow your career within the booming construction space. Due to organic growth this company are looking to grow their team with an accounts payable officer in a standalone capacity. On a daily basis your duties will include: Full function Accounts Payable for 13 different entities High volume invoicing, processing upwards of 700 invoices monthly Reviewing of invoices Intercompany transactions Daily Banking Bank, Credit and Cheque reconciliations Assisting in Finance or General ledger enquires Assistance with monthly reporting Ad hoc Admin duties What you'll need to succeed Over 2 years experience within accounts payable Construction or Property experience is highly desired Strong attention to detail Experience using MYOB and Databuild system is advantageous Hard working and can do attitude The ability to work within a team and autonomously What you'll get in return You will get the opportunity to work within a supportive team and growing organisation within the prosperous construction and property space. You will also receive a competitive base salary with a number of enticing benefits. Inner city location. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now 9804 5313. Or Email Sarah.Brooker@Hays.com.au If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Company: This medium sized property company are known for their high quality buildings and services are looking for a Senior Accountant to join their dynamic team. They are known for employing the best in their field and provide excellent offices with a great flexible working environment. Role: This role reports to the Finance Manager and will manage the day to day reporting for the finance team. Responsibilities: Process General ledger journals to support monthly reporting including billing, accruals, prepayments Partnering with FMs to ensure tight financial control and meeting of site budgets Checking payroll, including posting in the GL, in a timely manner and uploading of ABA files Preparing weekly payroll reports Prepare weekly report and manage drawdowns Policies and procedures are in place and accessible to managers and administration Ensure payroll EFT payments are on time and Payroll reports are distributed according to timetables Prepare Weekly KPI reports Prepare Monthly P&L flash reports Assist with preparation of board report as required Prepare monthly liability and equity related balance sheet reconciliations Prepare any ad hoc reports To Apply: You must be CA or CPA qualified with minimum or 3 years in a similar role Please apply confidentially ASAP 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us collect debts and lead the improvement of our debt recovery arrangements. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review An important part of our work is to investigate instances of serious and intentional misuse, misappropriation, and fraudulent obtaining of funds in relation to Health Provider access to Australian Government Health funding programs.  We undertake investigations under Part IID of the Human Services (Medicare) Act 1973, referring matters to the Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions (CDPP) for criminal prosecution. We need staff across Brisbane, Sydney, Canberra, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices. We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to investigations at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels.  Who are we looking for? People with experience in  investigations in government or other sectors , and People with experience in  fraud and entity analysis What will you do? As part of the Investigations Section, you will be part of a team or a team leader at more senior levels assist or lead the following Investigation Team core work: Conduct analysis of suspected fraud cases referred to the team; Conduct investigations into cases of fraud and fraud-related non-compliance for referral of cases to the CDPP, and Raise associated debt; prepare briefs of evidence for the CDPP undertaking search warrants as required. You will enjoy working as part of a team and contributing to the work of the division Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You have some understanding and perhaps experience in taking part in major operations which can include the preparation and execution of search warrants, records of interview, witness statements and briefs of evidence to the CDPP. You will contribute to making sure investigations are conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You will be able to contribute to the development of policy and procedures for the conduct of investigations as required You have some  knowledge and perhaps experience (particularly  those at more senior levels) in  criminal and civil court proceedings You have some understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You hold or a able to complete a certificate iv or diploma in Government Investigations or similar What you need to know Positions are based in Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Canberra or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Negative Vetting Level 1 Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3-APS6 range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 We have a great employment opportunity for you within our local retail office. ABOUT H&R BLOCK In 1971, H&R Block opened its first four offices in Australia, in Sydney and Melbourne. Today, H&R Block Australia are the largest tax accountants in Australia providing value added tax services for individuals and companies, bookkeeping, SMSF as well as Financial Services through our national partner. ABOUT THE ROLE We are dealing with clients both face to face and on the phone so high level written and verbal communication skills are required A minimum of 2 years of experience in a retail environment preferred Ability to multi-task quickly, accurately with minimal supervision Detail orientated and analytical abilities with good mathematical skills Ability to develop client rapport and provide excellent customer service Ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines High level of motivation and professionalism   OTHER REQUIREMENTS Successfully complete the H&R Block Tax Consultant Trainee Program* Accounting, Taxation or Financial qualifications would be an advantage, but not essential Candidates who have almost completed their accounting degree and wish to gain experience are encouraged to apply Candidates who are semi-retired with accounting or financial backgrounds also encouraged to apply Available at least 3 hours per day, 4 days per week from mid-June to late August   WHAT WE OFFER: Work flexible hours close to home Paid job specific online training commences 24th April 2018 Software training will be provided After tax season work based on performance A diverse and interesting client portfolio Work with an internationally recognized company   H&R BLOCK TAX CONSULTANT TRAINEE PROGRAM* The successful candidate will be required to complete the online Trainee Program from home and must be available to attend the online training workshops starting 24th April 2018 and concluding 15th June 2018. Trainees will be paid to attend the training workshops.   Written applications are to be sent to Bill Cashman, Human Resources Director, at bcashman@hrblock.com.au before 18th April 2018. 
 Kilcoy Pastoral Company Limited (KPC) is seeking an experienced Accountant to join our Finance team. Working collaboratively within the team, this role offers the successful candidate the opportunity to contribute to the organisation's financial accounting functions and support the achievement of overall business outcomes and compliance requirements. Key Responsibilities will include: Assisting in the delivery of accurate and timely Financial Accounting functions  such as; - Financial transaction processing and compliance - Statutory reporting and compliance - Tax reporting and compliance     (Income Tax, GST, PAYG, BAS, FBT and R&D) - Group reporting - Board reporting        Assisting in maintaining  the company's Foreign Exchange contracts and transactions Remaining up to date with current legislation that impacts on Financial Accounting responsibilities, including but not limited to Accounting standards and Taxation Law Contributing to the improvement of financial processes and systems The ideal candidate will bring; Degree Qualification in Accounting CPA/CA qualified or working towards At least 3 years' experience in a large accounting firm or similar role      Experience with Microsoft Dynamics AX an advantage, but not essential              A solid understanding of statutory, tax and accounting reporting and compliance        Demonstrated commitment to continuous improvement in all aspects of work Effective time management skills with an ability to work autonomously, under pressure and to deadlines High level verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills Solutions focused with an ability to follow through Self-motivation and ability to demonstrate initiative and contribute to team performance This is an ideal opportunity for someone who has gained experience in a large accounting firm and is looking to move out of public practice, or has experience working in a similar role. If you are someone who has a drive to succeed and is seeking to expand their career with one of Australia's leading export beef processors, please click the ˜Apply Now' button below. 
 Are you an Accounts Assistant with experience in processing accounts payable transactions and bank reconciliations looking to work for a landmark cultural facility? We have an exciting opportunity for a motivated person to join the Finance team. The successful candidate will have or be in pursuit of an accounting qualification. About Arts Centre Melbourne As a cultural and architectural landmark of Melbourne, we have showcased the best of Australia and international performing arts for over 30 years. The Finance team collaborates across the organisation to support all aspects of Arts Centre Melbourne. The role will contribute to the operational effectiveness and efficiency from a transactional perspective. For a glimpse into Arts Centre Melbourne click here The Role Reporting to the Senior Accountant, Accounting Operations we're looking for a motivated individual who is committed to achieving tight deadlines. Your responsibilities will include but are not limited to: Processing invoices and payment receipts Process accounts payable transactions and services to a range of internal and external stakeholders Bank reconciliations and cash management operations Ensure appropriate financial records are maintained Processing corporate credit cards and collation of travel proposal forms Supplier statement reconciliations ensuring variances are investigated and resolved in a timely manner Subsidiary ledger reconciliations including aging analysis and management of relevant creditor ledgers About you: Diploma of Accounting or in pursuit of an accounting qualification that meets Australian national framework guidelines Demonstrated experience in debtor management or accounts payable management and bank reconciliations within a medium to large organisation A practical understanding of accounting principles and the application of goods & services tax Experience in the use of a medium level finance package which interfaces with a number of key systems Experience in the use of an events management system such as Events Based Management System (EBMS) would be advantageous The Benefits Arts Centre Melbourne offers excellent working conditions, exclusive discounts, and access to complimentary house seats, discounted car parking, learning & development opportunities, and a friendly, supportive team that you can rely on. Applications Interested applicants must address the key criteria in their cover letter and submit together with a current resume. Please refer to the position description for further information, including the key criteria. Applications close Thursday 19 April 2018. Applications are open to those with full-working rights in Australia. No recruitment agencies please. Arts Centre Melbourne is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer 
 A great opportunity for a Commercial Analyst to work for an FMCG Giant Your new company This FMCG Giant has a newly created role to support a local Commercial Analyst with high level analysis surrounding business performance, overheads and product analysis. Your role will be to identify any key issues or areas of concern and support the business to make fast and appropriate action to improve performance. Your new role This role will allow you to see the results of your analysis and business partnering as well as make a huge contribution to bottom line performance. This will involve you meeting with key stakeholders to understand their business and challenges and will allow you extensive visibility across this successful organisation. As the first newly created role in this division you have the potential to create new vacancies through your findings and this will allow you to focus your efforts on your passions. What you'll need to succeed Your outstanding communication and interpersonal skills are essential to allow you to partner with the business as well as your advanced Excel skills and ideally exposure to SAP and the FMCG sector. What you'll get in return As a self-starter this role will offer you an excellent platform in which to develop your career within this FMCG Giant. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
The Company  Due to an increased workload and business process improvements, an opportunity has become available to hire an experience Accounts Payable Officer to join a dynamic and fast paced accounts team in the media industry.  The Role Reporting to the Finance Manager, your duties will include: Ensure accurate and timely accounts payable processing and maintain required records Process invoices and payment vouchers and investigate discrepancies Prepare, enter and check invoices as required Review and reconcile statements in order to ensure that overdue invoices are identified Address creditor enquiries and any other enquiries in an effective manner Investigate queries to ensure correct payment Assist with banking reconciliations Maintain appropriate financial and other records and registers Run required reports and provide information in order to facilitate financial analysis Resolve enquiries from a variety of internal and external parties or seek assistance in resolving enquiries in a timely manner Be prepared to seek advice or access precedents to respond to queries, issues or concern About You  Commitment to and enthusiasm for customer service delivery in an accounts payable environment 2 + years experience in a similar role within a large/ medium sized organisation.  Sound oral, written and interpersonal communication skills with ability to resolve issues with a diverse range of people Sound numerical, analytical and problem solving skills Ability to maintain a high degree of accuracy and work to strict deadlines Evidence of being highly organised and efficient Evidence of capacity to be an effective member of a team How to Apply Please send your resume by clicking on "apply" button below or for further information contact Anna Growcott on 03 9982 8482. www.fourquarters.com.au 
 Amazing accounts administration permanent position in Parramatta! Your new company Your new company is a well-established and reputable retail company based in Parramatta. Their team is, friendly forward thinking and passionate about what they do. This organisation has a positive workplace culture and an opportunity for long term growth. Your new role Reporting into the financial accountant you will have sound experience in full function accounts receivable processes and an understanding of accounts payable processes. Your responsibilities will be to manage allocations, receipting, banking, reconciliations, query resolution, collections, and debtor management. Managing credit collections, post monthly statement of accounts, and send reminders by phone and by email whilst also assisting with any adhoc duties. What you'll need to succeed The successful candidate will have previous experience in an accounts receivable/credit control role and be comfortable chasing debt. This organisation is looking for candidates who can use there initiative and are willing to help other members of the team. Intermediate experience using excel along with good communications skills are essential. You must also have previous practical use using SAP in a role. What you'll get in return The successful candidate will have previous experience in an accounts receivable/credit control role and be comfortable chasing debt. This organisation is looking for candidates who can use there initiative and are willing to help other members of the team. Intermediate experience using excel along with good communications skills are essential. You must also have previous practical use using SAP in a role. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or if this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact Sophie Cronin on 0288601614 at Hays for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Our client is a family owned group of entities that includes commercial and industrial construction activities and a portfolio of properties in the Perth metro area. This is a newly created part-time position (2 to 3 days a week), with an immediate start. As the Accounts/Administration Officer you will be providing accounts support for all of the business activities including: Data entry “ receivables and payables Attending to invoicing & purchase order management Processing payroll including superannuation Bank reconciliations & journal entries Pricing, costing, purchase orders and invoicing for a range of projects. Being a smaller office environment, there will also be a need to attend to administration assistance including: Attend meetings and ensure follow up of all action items; Liaise and coordinate with a myriad of external consultants, contractors, suppliers, government authorities from time to time; Attend to general office duties Mac / Apple based computers You will be a proven: Accounts Administrator with a minimum of 5 years experience, with an accounts background and fully competent at using MYOB/Xero. Administrator with superior organisational, planning, administrative and secretarial skills. Experience on Payroll Mac / Apple based computers You will have strong computer skills particularly with Word and Excel. You must be mature, resilient, dependable, proactive, self-directed, motivated and totally trustworthy. Fluent oral and written communication is essential. You will be well rewarded with a competitive remuneration package and other benefits including flexibility in hours (to be discussed) with no weekends or late hours, secure on-site parking and brand new offices with superb facilities in a quiet Western Suburbs location. Confidential applications addressing the above requirements must be submitted to smirto@moorestephens.com.au quoting  ˜PT Bookkeeper' in the subject line no later than Friday, 20th April 2018.  Please also ensure you upload your application directly through seek. Only successful applicants will be notified by Wednesday, 25th April 2018. 
 Based in Two Wells SA, this exciting role of Senior Financial Accountant supports the Financial Controller - Operations in attending to the following key accountabilities: Accounting Standards, Fixed Assets, Accruals, Staff Management, Coaching and Mentoring and with a particular focus on Inventory Management and Accounting Control. The role will also carry responsibility for close liaison with other Divisional staff engaged in Financial Planning Analysis, Procurement and Reception/Accounts Payable/Accounts Receivable tasks. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES  Financial Accounting Work effectively with the Finance Controller - Operations, to ensure that all financial and administrative functions are performed at a level that complies with company and legislative policies and procedures Understand and investigate accounting flows between reporting systems and the general ledger Ensure appropriate accounting disciplines are maintained by regular reconciliation of the Management Reports to the underlying financial accounting information Reconciliation of General Ledger/Balance Sheet Accounts Manage Inventory Control to deliver accuracy of inventory systems and stock takes Explain the fundamentals of the reports required Accurate recording of fixed asset movements Management Controls Implement management control systems for the business and to ensure that all functions of the business are actively and accurately measured and monitored Maintain and improve operational reports systems and operational control systems To be successful in this role you must: Have 5 years' experience in financial accounting Experience in office applications, databases, spreadsheets and other financial and accounting software Strong attention to detail Ideally be Fully CPA or CA qualified Please apply below with a cover letter and resume detailing your suitability for this position. Applications will be treated in the strictest confidence. Only short-listed candidates will be contacted. 
 Internationally recognised brand name operating in the services area is currently seeking Credit Controller to manage their own portfolio and deliver on collections and risk management. Due to recent internal movements this opportunity has become available and my client is looking for an energetic and proactive candidate with 5+ years full function Credit experience. This organisation offers excellent results based benefits and the opportunity for the right candidate to further grow their portfolio of responsibility within a growing business. The Role: This is a full function role and as the Credit Controller you will manage your own portfolio of SME's and large corporate businesses nationally. Your Responsibilities: Debtor management and control Handling and resolving of customer queries / disputes resolutions Weekly aged debtors reporting and analysis Credit approval/trade references Doubtful debt and risk management reporting Banking and allocations as well as month end reporting Maintain data integrity Maintain and update operating procedures Maintain and exceed KPI targets (Cash collections, DSO and doubtful debts) The environment is high volume and fast-paced, with customer relations being the key to resolve disputes and issues. This will suit someone who has the ability to build and maintain relationships across the board both internally and external. You will be a pro-active and driven Credit Controller who is not afraid to think outside the box to get things done. The Candidate: 5+ years experience in a similar role Excellent communication and dispute resolution skills Demonstrated large ERP and excel skills (Intermediate to advanced) High attention to detail and a pro-active approach Ability to build and maintain relationships If you are a high achiever and looking to grow your career with a large Multi-National business and have experience dealing with SME's and large corporate businesses, apply now! Alternatively for a confidential discussion please do not hesitate Arie Zwaan on 02 9247 0054 or 0439 75 73 74. 
 This is a fantastic opportunity for a driven and confident Senior Finance Officer to help provide guidance and support to the wider finance team. The successful candidate will need to be highly organised, self-motivated and have well-developed management skills with a demonstrated ability to be responsible and ensure a smooth operation of day to day duties. Reporting to the Finance Manager, the Senior Finance Officer will be accountable and responsible for ensuring the management of the accounts are processed in a timely and accurate manner. Main responsibilities include: Assist the Finance team in the overall management of the Accounts Payable/ Receivable functions Bank and Trial balance reconciliations Cash flow management Preparation and entry of journals, BAS, PAYG and GST Profit and Loss analysis Month end reporting and reconciliations Batches / Purchase order checks Accruals and clearing accounts Reconcile supplier statements monthly in accordance with agreed time frames Streamline and develop process improvements Assist with data processing and payroll when necessary Maintain current policies and procedures The successful applicant will have: Significant bookkeeping experience in a similar position Demonstrated supervision/leadership skills Demonstrated accounting skills & knowledge of financial accounting systems Great attention to detail Strong communication skills, both written and verbal Ability to collaborate effectively with peers, internal/external customers and other team members Proven ability to manage and prioritise activities to meet finance deadlines Self-motivated and able to work effectively under limited supervision If you are a motivated and dedicated individual who matches the above criteria and is wishing to work in a rewarding and challenging role, we would be interested to hear from you. What's in it for you? An attractive remuneration package Adelaide CBD Location Working within a diverse and friendly team Great staff benefits To apply please click apply or call Denise Antoniou on 08 82 163 500 for a confidential discussion. 
 This is an immediate start, Accounts Payable Officer temporary to permanent opportunity based in Double Bay. Client Details This organisation holds a national portfolio of centres offering an exciting new large format retail experience. they have over 40 sites across Australia featuring a selection of leading national brands. Description Capturing of payable invoices and expense claims and preparing weekly payment batch Supplier statement reconciliations Assessment of regular CAPEX and consultants claims/progress payments Bank and balance sheet account reconciliations Processing various journal entries Preparation of detailed construction cost analysis Producing daily, weekly, monthly expense reporting Profile The successful candidate will possess: Qualifications in Accounting Demonstrated experience in accounts payable Strong communication and interpersonal skills Advanced Microsoft Excel/Office skills Real estate/construction experience preferable Job Offer This is a long-term opportunity with a booming business, located in the Eastern suburbs with a collaborative team. 
 We have a great employment opportunity for you within our local retail office. ABOUT H&R BLOCK In 1971, H&R Block opened its first four offices in Australia, in Sydney and Melbourne. Today, H&R Block Australia are the largest tax accountants in Australia providing value added tax services for individuals and companies, bookkeeping, SMSF as well as Financial Services through our national partner. ABOUT THE ROLE We are dealing with clients both face to face and on the phone so high level written and verbal communication skills are required A minimum of 2 years of experience in a retail environment preferred Ability to multi-task quickly, accurately with minimal supervision Detail orientated and analytical abilities with good mathematical skills Ability to develop client rapport and provide excellent customer service Ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines High level of motivation and professionalism   OTHER REQUIREMENTS Successfully complete the H&R Block Tax Consultant Trainee Program* Accounting, Taxation or Financial qualifications would be an advantage, but not essential Candidates who have almost completed their accounting degree and wish to gain experience are encouraged to apply Candidates who are semi-retired with accounting or financial backgrounds also encouraged to apply Available at least 3 hours per day, 4 days per week from mid-June to late August   WHAT WE OFFER: Work flexible hours close to home Paid job specific online training commences 24th April 2018 Software training will be provided After tax season work based on performance A diverse and interesting client portfolio Work with an internationally recognized company   H&R BLOCK TAX CONSULTANT TRAINEE PROGRAM* The successful candidate will be required to complete the online Trainee Program from home and must be available to attend the online training workshops starting 24th April 2018 and concluding 15th June 2018. Trainees will be paid to attend the training workshops.   Written applications are to be sent to Bill Cashman, Human Resources Director, at bcashman@hrblock.com.au before 18th April 2018. 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us collect debts and lead the improvement of our debt recovery arrangements. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review An important part of our work is to investigate instances of serious and intentional misuse, misappropriation, and fraudulent obtaining of funds in relation to Health Provider access to Australian Government Health funding programs.  We undertake investigations under Part IID of the Human Services (Medicare) Act 1973, referring matters to the Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions (CDPP) for criminal prosecution. We need staff across Brisbane, Sydney, Canberra, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices. We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to investigations at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels.  Who are we looking for? People with experience in  investigations in government or other sectors , and People with experience in  fraud and entity analysis What will you do? As part of the Investigations Section, you will be part of a team or a team leader at more senior levels assist or lead the following Investigation Team core work: Conduct analysis of suspected fraud cases referred to the team; Conduct investigations into cases of fraud and fraud-related non-compliance for referral of cases to the CDPP, and Raise associated debt; prepare briefs of evidence for the CDPP undertaking search warrants as required. You will enjoy working as part of a team and contributing to the work of the division Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You have some understanding and perhaps experience in taking part in major operations which can include the preparation and execution of search warrants, records of interview, witness statements and briefs of evidence to the CDPP. You will contribute to making sure investigations are conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You will be able to contribute to the development of policy and procedures for the conduct of investigations as required You have some  knowledge and perhaps experience (particularly  those at more senior levels) in  criminal and civil court proceedings You have some understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You hold or a able to complete a certificate iv or diploma in Government Investigations or similar What you need to know Positions are based in Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Canberra or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Negative Vetting Level 1 Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3-APS6 range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 We are recruiting for an ASX listed organisation in Melbourne who have decided to bring a credit team leader on board to manage a team of 4, reporting directly in to the head of credit for the organisation and taking on operational responsibility. The Company This company is stable financially and has been steadily growing for a few years now. They are embracing the future with technological advancements meaning they can offer flexibility to staff. They offer a great work/life balance to their employees and are committed to the health and well-being of their staff. This company is a leader in diversity and inclusion and welcomes staff members from all backgrounds. Their diverse and friendly finance team is high performing and supportive towards each other. The company takes corporate social responsibility seriously and supports a number of different charities and takes an active role within society. They have a revenue in excess of $700 million which is up 15% on last year and in the past year they have increased their stock price and their net profit as well. The Ledger The ledger is around $700 million per year, encompassing over 10,000 accounts and has a DSO of 60 days against a target of 58. There is a high volume of new customers each month and a lot of ad-hoc customers who purchase once or twice. The team The team is made up of experienced credit collections professionals who at a minimum have 4 years experience within credit control. They are motivated and seeking development. In line with the company values they are a diverse team and there is no one dominant personality type. They are all performing to targets although there are challenges with the 120+ debt. Responsibilities * To act as a credit control supervisor to the team of 4 * Conduct monthly one to ones and ledger reviews. * Provide on-desk training, coaching and development to the team. * Handle escalations within the team. * Work with team members to identify learning points from issues with accounts. * Provide training to the team in formal settings. * Help team members prioritise their ledgers, deal with doubtful accounts and bad debt. * Set targets, expectations and KPIs for the team in line with the credit policy and business targets. * Work with the credit manager on revisions to the credit policy. * Work with the credit manager to effectively manage upwards the expectations of the credit team from senior finance stakeholders. * Work with business units to ensure a smoother billing process. * Assisting with recruitment for the credit team. * Ad hoc reporting tasks. Your experience Ideally you will have experience leading a credit team in a high volume environment, handling escalations and bringing down debt. You will have experience developing a team and setting KPIs. If you are interested... Then please apply, or contact Dave Andrews at Randstad Melbourne Accounting All applications will receive a response from me, thank you for your interest in advance. 
To provide financial analysis and assist in delivering financial reporting requirements.     Key Responsbilities:    Management Reporting Prepare and analyse monthly consolidated results for Group Executives and Board Statutory Reporting Preparation of key notes to financial statements Assist with Hyperion design and support Financial Analysis Assist with the provision of technical accounting advice to the Businesses Investigate and analyse accounting issues as directed Assist with the preparation of Board papers on accounting issues Ad hoc projects Assurance Process Planning, co-ordination and delivery of Balance Sheet Review Process Co-ordinate Board Audit and Risk Committee Papers  Key Competencies: Teamwork Critical Information Seeking Results Orientation Analytical Thinking Desired Skills/Experience: To be successful your history will demonstrate strong business acumen having had substantial experience in a related role. Tertiary qualified in Accounting or similar, this role will ideally suit someone with broad Financial Accounting experience.    The role requires multi-tasking and the ability to manage complex processes to strict deadlines.  Strong Excel and Hyperion skills would be ideal.  Along with your strong communication and relationship building skills, your analytical and problem solving abilities will assist you in all facets of the day-to-day tasks.  You will be highly organised and confident to address all levels of management and other employees across the world. Essential Skills/Expertise: Tertiary qualifications in Accounting/Commerce (CA Preferred) Computer literacy and advanced Excel spreadsheet skills Sound accounting knowledge with detailed understanding of IFRS Relevant working experience “ 8-10 years Comments: Candidates need to demonstrate the competency and desire to: Work in a dynamic team environment Continuously improve reporting processes to meet changing accounting standards Communicate effectively across different geographical regions and businesses of the Group 
 Organisation Sugarman Australia's client is an NDIS Registered Plan Management Agency working in Western Sydney. Role This role is responsible for managing a large quality of invoices being received into the office on a daily basis. You will also be allocating payments to the relevant clients and keeping the system up to date. You will need to be organised and have the ability to prioritise your daily activities. You will require excellent communication skills as you will be talking to a range of stakeholders and giving feedback as to the updates of payment and processes. The role is based in a small team and available immediately. Qualifications In order to be considered for these roles you will require; - Minimum 2+ years of working in an accounts receivable/payable role - Excellent computer skills - Use of Microsoft Office products, especially Excel skills - Ability to process large amounts of data - High attention to detail - Excellent communication skills - Professional and polite phone manner - Ability to work in a team environment Other Information The role is located in the hills district. The role is available immediately and will be taken up ASAP. APPLY NOW 
 One of the most highly regarded, rapidly growing accounting advisory firms are looking for an exceptional Tax Director / Partner to join their leadership group As a result of pure growth and the need to increase their capability in the private clients / mid market and corporate tax space this firm are looking to hire a highly capable Tax Director / Partner to their team. This is a rare leadership opportunity to join an entrepreneurial and commercially minded firm who provide first class advisory and compliance services to a wealth of different clients.  To be considered for this role you will have a strong tax background with in a reputable mid tier or big 4 firm here in Australia. You will have a strong advisory skill set, as well as extensive man management experience leading and mentoring a small tax team. You will also be a highly technical tax practitioner who may currently be at the senior manager or associate director level in your current firm with no room to move up. This firm will offer that step up! You will be CA and / or Masters of Tax qualified. This is a great opportunity to secure a senior strategic leadership role in a highly regarded and progressive advisory firm.  To apply please contact Steve Cole on 0410 344 723 or email Steve on scole@signatureconsulting.com.au 
 STATUS Accounts Payable Officer “ Full time role Oaklands Park   Status Employment Services has over 28 year experience of providing outstanding Commonwealth and State Government employment and training programs to unemployed and disadvantaged people across the Adelaide   Our continued success in the delivery of employment and training services and the resulting expansion of business requires the appointment of a full time Accounts Payable Officer at our Head Office, in Oaklands Park. This role will suit someone with strong financial and administrative experience.   Working with a team of professionals, you will be responsible for providing proficient and accurate financial and clerical support, in the processing and payment of creditors of the Finance Division.   We are looking for applicants who have: Experience in accounts payable Experience in MYOB Premier Strong numerical skills High degree of accuracy with data entry (excel experience) Ability to prioritise work, meet deadlines and work under pressure Outstanding administrative skills Computer literate in Microsoft Office, Outlook, internet and database systems MYOB Advanced experience desirable.   Further information including a job description for ˜Accounts Payable Officer' can be found at: http://www.status.net.au   Status is an equal opportunity employer and encourages women, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, people with disabilities and people from non-English speaking backgrounds to apply for this position.   Applications should be submitted urgently, including a letter of application and resume addressed to:   Kylie Spencer HR and Quality Assurance Officer STATUS Employment Services recruitment@status.net.au   Confidential telephone enquires welcome on 8377 0101 
 Location: Western Sydney Salary: $88k to $105k Package Role: join a highly regarded global FMCG brand name that is in growth with great work/life balance Role Overview Reporting to a Senior Tax Accountant, this Group FBT Accountant drives the business' tax compliance specifically relating to fringe benefits tax. The Group FBT Accountant has primary day-to-day responsibility for the completion of all aspects relating to fringe benefits tax including motor vehicle registers, collation of information, review of benefits and lodgement of returns. The key success factor will be your prior experience relating to fringe benefits tax and professional attitude in how you engage the people around you. Responsibilities Work as part of a team to drive the completion of fringe benefits calculations by coordinating information requirements across the group and sourcing relevant data from key systems Maintain the group's motor vehicle register Provide technical support to the group around fringe benefits provided Take ownership for the preparation of annual FBT returns Support a robust tax compliance environment is maintained through the management of appropriate supporting documentation, workflow structures etc. Contribute to ad hoc business queries through the provision of tax advice and support. Help drive and participate in continuous improvement initiatives that seek to drive efficiency and risk management across key tax compliance processes. Contribute as a passionate team member, actively supporting the wellbeing and engagement of the team / business. Candidate Profile You are passionate about fringe benefits tax and are seeking to leverage your knowledge to move into a larger organisation where you can prove yourself. Ideally coming from a similar role in commerce or otherwise in a business advisory of chartered background, you have excellent communication and organisational skills to engage people across the business. Previous exposure to SAP and OneSource would be highly regarded. Culture & Benefits The organisation is a top player in its field in the Australian FMCG sector and is considered one of the world's most creative businesses to work for. This organisation employs thousands locally with a focus on work/life balance and opportunities to grow. Join a global FMCG - be part of a team and business in growth Be rewarded - salary range $88k to $105k Package Be happy - have true work/life balance Apply If this sounds like you, please send your resume by clicking the apply link below addressing Tom Nisevic quoting reference number TNFBTA4008 in the subject line. 
This is a fantastic opportunity to join one of the most highly regarded and recognised top 20 listed firms in Australia. The firm can boast exceptional  growth over recent years and as a result are looking to hire a talented Business Services Manager. Working closely with two industry leading Senior Partners, you will be responsible for managing a large portfolio of clients across a diverse range of industries. With a mix of both international clients and Australian privately owned businesses you will lead a team of talented individuals in providing exceptional services to your clients. You will also be involved in actively pursuing new business opportunities and always looking to review and improve the internal processes and procedures of the overall practice. To be successful you need to have at least 1-2 years experience at a Manager level with a reputable Australian chartered firm and be CA qualified. With both excellent communication, leadership and presentation skills if you are looking for a career move where the path to partnership is clearly visible this is an excellent opportunity. For more information contact Steve Cole on 0410 344 723 or email Steve on scole@signatureconsulting.com.au 
 Large retail company looking for AR/Collections officer to join their fun and dynamic finance team. Your new company This large retail company is looking for a new accounts receivable / collections officer to join their small, fun loving finance team. Located close to public transportation in Artarmon, our client is offering a permanent, stable role for the right candidate. Your new role In this role, you will be responsible for: Liaising with customers Collections Creating payment plans for customers Managing your own debtors ledger Bank reconciliations and credit card reconciliations Weekly reporting on debt collections as well as meeting KPIs Creating new accounts and keeping accounts up to date Processing invoices Ad hoc duties What you'll need to succeed To be successful in this position you will need to have at least 2 years of experience within a similar role. As you will be dealing with customers on a regular basis, strong communication skills (written and verbal) are necessary. ERP system experience is also a plus. The team is very close and our client wants someone who can work hard in a social environment. What you'll get in return Our client is very focused on staff activities and the finance team does social events together monthly. There is on site training and possible career development for the correct candidate. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' or forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to Liz Green at elizabeth.green@hays.com.au, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Financial Accountant in a growing ASX listed company. Your new company This successful and growing ASX Listed company has an excellent market position and the plans in place to expand on this and take a stronger hold in their specialist industry. Due to a recent promotion within the team they are seeking the support from an experienced Financial Accountant within the Shared Services Department. Your new role As the Financial Accountant your responsibilities will include monthly reporting and forecasting using, budget analysis as well as preparing of statutory accounts, reconciliations for payroll and tax accounting, management accounting, audit and treasury. This varied role will see you liaising across all areas of the business and supporting a driven and successful Finance Manager. This division is set to expand as the Shared Services develops across all businesses. What you'll need to succeed With a big 4 back ground, you will also have proven financial accounting experience with an ASX listed company with sound analytical skills complemented with exposure to a large ERP system. What you'll get in return The organisation will offer you a competitive salary with bonus, a high achieving work environment and excellent career opportunities. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 This Finance Manager role is for a driven and bright finance professional with strong stakeholder management skills. You will be analytical and highly capable of, and enjoy, manipulating and interpreting data, which will be coupled with your strong communication skills. You'll enjoy engaging with stakeholders, both internally and externally and may well have come from a Big 4 or 2nd tier Chartered background with more recent commercial experience. Why are you interested? Well known large business with continued high growth trajectory Work closely with a broad range of stakeholders, including CFO, COO and CEO Manage a small team Newly created role, ability to shape the role to play to your strengths Complexity and challenge to keep you engaged! A successful candidate will be: Advanced in Excel Commercially minded, solutions focused and confident to operate independently Degree & CA/CPA qualified Experienced in financial accounting/reporting and management accounting (circa 5-8 years) Likely from a chartered background, complemented with more recent commercial experience Experienced in leading or managing a small team Property/construction industry experience would be advantageous We can explore the detail when we talk, but if this sounds like you, apply now ideally along with a brief covering note. 
 Established in 2000 Flavorite Marketing is a family owned business that sources and distributes quality fresh produce to major retailers and maintains its competitive edge through constant innovation. Due to continuous growth, we are looking for an experienced Accountant to join our organisation. Reporting to the Chief Financial Officer, the Accountant is responsible for maintaining the accounting system, the systematic classification and assessment of accounting data and the preparation of related managerial and financial reports in a timely manner to support business strategies and objectives. Key Responsibilities include: Manage a small team including recruitment, training, and performance management Preparation of transactional accounting and month end reporting to audit quality level Perform general ledger activities including ledger maintenance, account reconciliations and trial balance review and correction Bank reconciliations Ensure the accuracy of monthly costing accruals Preparation of monthly cash flow forecasts Provide support during budgets and forecast Compliance to statutory returns including Superannuation, BAS, PAYG, SRO & DPI Completion of ABS Surveys Skills & experience to be successful include: Tertiary qualification in Finance, Commerce or similar Solid practical financial accounting experience Strong Accounting Software experience Advanced Excel skills Highly organized, with well-developed communication skills Demonstrated initiative and strong problem-solving skills This is a great opportunity for a professional Accountant with a strong customer service focus to join a progressive family business.  How to Apply If we've got your attention and you feel you're the person we are looking for please click 'Apply Now'. Application close: COB Friday, 27 April 2018 
 An exciting opportunity to join the team at Optus Stadium Client Details Optus Stadium is Western Australia's premier major sports and entertainment precinct. Opening in January 2018 the stadium has already hosted a variety of events, including: Ed Sheeran, One-Day International Cricket, National Rugby League (NRL) & Australian Rules Football (AFL). Description Reporting to the General Manager - Finance, the Financial Controller will be a key part of the corporate team and will play a pivotal role in the performance of the Optus Stadium finance team. With four direct reports, this role manages the Finance function on a daily basis. The core focus of the role is to manage, lead and take responsibility for the daily management of the finance function for VenuesLive WA at Optus Stadium. The key duties and responsibilities of the role will include, but not be limited to the following: Develop and manage the Optus Stadium finance team, in partnership with the General Manager of Finance The continual improvement of company policies, procedures & standards within the finance function Manage and develop reporting employees including performance management, performance and development reviews, training and management of workload Assist with developing the department's annual budget and ensure activities are managed within budgetary parameters. To ensure ownership and direction of all financial processes & functions for Optus stadium - functions including: AR, AP, Payroll & Treasury Management of the external audit process and ensuring accurate and timely lodgement of GST, FBT & Payroll Tax Returns Lead the month-end reporting process and manage key department reporting, which includes the following: Preparation of the monthly and annual financial reports Review and sign off on all month end reconciliations and management financial reports Financial KPIs and Performance Monitoring Obligations Rolling forecast cashflow Event Settlements and Event Profit and Loss Statements Responsibility of the event day Treasury function Manage the finance module of the EBMS system, including business internal controls. Profile To be successful in this role, you will be a CA/CPA qualified finance professional with a proven track record in driving a high performing team culture and delivering an accurate and timely month end process. It will be imperative that you are able to manage a fast paced, continually evolving workplace that can often have competing priorities. The ability to manage your time effectively and those around you cannot be understated. Technical finance skill-set, leadership, track-record and cultural fit will be considered before industry experience is taken into account. The ability to ensure financials are of the highest quality and within company deadlines will be a non-negotiable. It's pivotal that you are able to influence those around you and your ability to engage with stakeholders both within finance and the wider operation will be crucial to your success. Prior experience in leading finance teams to high performing outcomes will be looked upon favourably. While standard hours are 8.30am to 5.00pm, the nature of the event industry means that you will be required to work outside these hours particularly around events being staged at Optus Stadium and the surrounding precinct. Rory Mitchell from Michael Page will be managing this recruitment process and can be contacted on 08 6430 6428 or 0431 983 172 for further information. Michael Page in Western Australia is part of the PageGroup family, which operates in over 35 countries worldwide and specialises in the recruitment of permanent, contract and temporary positions on behalf of the world's top employers. Job Offer An excellent opportunity to lead and develop a finance team in a dynamic, fast-paced & hands-on environment Be involved in a high performing culture On-Site parking provided   To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Rory Mitchell on +61 8 6430 6428 
people2people are working closely with the NSW Government who are seeking an experienced Accounts Payable or Accounts Receivable Officer on an initial 3 month assignment with potential to extend THE ROLE Compile amounts owed by the company to vendors, suppliers, or other organisations /individuals. Gathers purchase orders, charge slips, sales tickets etc Prepare payments where necessary  Maintain all payment or other transaction records Ad-hoc duties   ABOUT YOU   2-4 years experience as AR or AP or similar field Solid SAP and Microsoft Office experience required Readsoft Software is preferred, but not essential.  Ability to hit the ground running in a busy working environment   HOW TO APPLY To apply for the role, click the appropriate link on this page or call David Collins at people2people on 02 8270 9799 [link removed] for a confidential discussion   To apply for this role please follow the apply now button or for a confidential discussion please contact me on the number below 
 Cooper Energy is an ASX300 listed exploration and production company that has grown rapidly to become a key player in the south-east Australian energy sector.  It has exploration and production operations in the onshore Cooper Basin, the onshore and offshore Otway Basin and the offshore Gippsland Basin.  At present, Cooper Energy is undertaking a major development of the Sole gas field, offshore Victoria, which will supply gas into the eastern Australian markets in 2019.  The company is at the start of a transformational period in its development as it delivers the Sole Gas Project and pursues a drilling and development program to address other opportunities and optimises existing production assets. Cooper Energy is now building the team and capabilities to deliver the growth forecast to take production from last year's 1 million boe to over 6 million boe by FY20. Reporting to the Financial Controller this is an opportunity to be part of the organisation's transformation. In this role, you will undertake financial accounting duties including preparation of statutory financial statements and ASX reporting, participation in internal management reporting including end of month processes and forecast and budgeting processes. To be considered for this role, you will be a CA with several years of experience ideally within an ASX listed company or a Big 4 accountancy firm. External audit and or oil and gas experience will be highly regarded. You will be able to apply your financial accounting expertise, engage others and you will demonstrate your enthusiasm for development. You will be driven to achieve and be able to complete tasks with accuracy and in a timely manner. This is an exciting opportunity to join a dynamic organisation with strong values and reputation for growth. The position offers an attractive remuneration package and the opportunity to share in the company's success through a performance based incentive plan.  Applications to Amanda Murphy at employment@cooperenergy.com.au by COB 30th April 2018. 
 Woodville Alliance (WA) is a not-for-profit community organisation based in Western Sydney and working primarily in Fairfield, Bankstown, Auburn and Liverpool. We have operated for over twenty years and provide a broad range of children's, family, youth, mental health, disability and early intervention services. Further details regarding our services can be found on our website: http://www.woodville.org.au/ Our organisational vision and mission focuses on social justice and working in partnership with our community. Our values include empowerment, empathy, compassion and innovation.   Accounts Officer “ 3 Months Fixed Term contract “ Immediate start   The Accounts Officer provides essential accounting preparation, input, control, analysis and reporting of financial accounting information using MYOB.   The key duties of the role are: Maintaining  data integrity and accuracy of the WA financial accounting function via the MYOB general Ledger input and controls, including the subsystems covering Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable, Cash and Banking with accurate data input, coding and reconciliations. Provide advice on accounting policies and procedures to non-finance staff Provide back up and support to the Senior Accounts Officer particularly in payroll. Fleet management To be successful in this role you will be an effective verbal communicator and a team player with the following skills and experience Accounting qualifications or equivalent work experience Proficient in MYOB Financial Systems including payroll General ledger accounts payable, accounts receivable and reporting skills. Sound knowledge of payroll processing, employee entitlements and award provisions. HOW TO APPLY Forward your letter of application addressing 1-4 of the essential criteria listed above and including your CV. Address this to Veronique Besnard, GM Human Resources at hr@woodville.org.au PH: 02 9722 5200. To view the position description, visit our website: www.woodville.org.au Woodville Alliance is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Only shortlist applicants will be contacted. Only Australian residents will be shortlisted. 
 Kilcoy Pastoral Company Limited (KPC) is seeking an experienced Accountant to join our Finance team. Working collaboratively within the team, this role offers the successful candidate the opportunity to contribute to the organisation's financial accounting functions and support the achievement of overall business outcomes and compliance requirements. Key Responsibilities will include: Assisting in the delivery of accurate and timely Financial Accounting functions  such as; - Financial transaction processing and compliance - Statutory reporting and compliance - Tax reporting and compliance     (Income Tax, GST, PAYG, BAS, FBT and R&D) - Group reporting - Board reporting        Assisting in maintaining  the company's Foreign Exchange contracts and transactions Remaining up to date with current legislation that impacts on Financial Accounting responsibilities, including but not limited to Accounting standards and Taxation Law Contributing to the improvement of financial processes and systems The ideal candidate will bring; Degree Qualification in Accounting CPA/CA qualified or working towards At least 3 years' experience in a large accounting firm or similar role      Experience with Microsoft Dynamics AX an advantage, but not essential              A solid understanding of statutory, tax and accounting reporting and compliance        Demonstrated commitment to continuous improvement in all aspects of work Effective time management skills with an ability to work autonomously, under pressure and to deadlines High level verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills Solutions focused with an ability to follow through Self-motivation and ability to demonstrate initiative and contribute to team performance This is an ideal opportunity for someone who has gained experience in a large accounting firm and is looking to move out of public practice, or has experience working in a similar role. If you are someone who has a drive to succeed and is seeking to expand their career with one of Australia's leading export beef processors, please click the ˜Apply Now' button below. 
 Senior Accountant job available in CBD firm offering a salary of $75K-$85K. Your new company This firm based in Melbourne's city fringe is currently seeking a senior accountant who is looking at taking on their own portfolio of clients. They offer a good work life balance and strive to help all their employees' progress in the company. This firm offers their employees ingredients to make their own lunches and offer CA/CPA funding. Your new role The role will include duties such as, however not limit to: Manage and increase customer portfolio Providing tax and business services advice Liaising with clients Effectively complete company and client assignments Strong technical abilities What you'll need to succeed In this role you will be expected to have at least 4-6 years' experience working in a Australian Accounting Practice in business services and tax and will have completed your CA/CPA. What you'll get in return In return you will receive competitive remuneration, ongoing training for development and the opportunity to be part of a successful and highly motivated team who value their employees. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 New Era Electrical based in Taren Point has been operating in NSW for almost 20 years and we have a fantastic opening for a Finance Administrator.    Reporting directly to the Finance Manager, you will provide financial support to the business.  We are looking for a self-motivated team player with a proactive approach to their work, who shows initiative and has an ability to work within tight deadlines, whilst juggling conflicting priorities and tasks.  This role will suit someone who has strong attention to detail, previous experience in Building & Construction industry with a finance background. Key Function The key function of the Finance Administrator is the responsibility of all facets of Finance for the company including banking, accounts payable, accounts receivable, assistance with payroll / timesheets, assistance with lodgements and payments of regulatory & taxation requirements (BAS's, Payroll Tax, Superannuation), preparation of monthly financial reports and participate in process improvements. To be successful in this position Administration experience preferably in the Building & Construction Industry Knowledge of the basic processes of a Finance Department Excellent communication skills, verbal and written Strong organisation skills Use of computer software programs ie simPRO; XERO; Word; Excel and Outlook   Submit your current resume with a covering letter outlining your skills and experience relevant to the position. Applications are managed confidentially. Must have full work rights within Australia. Local applicants only, no agencies. 
 The Company A leading financial services institution that has grown recently due to business acquisition. The Role Due to a secondment to a key integration project, to interface HRIS systems with payroll, the payroll function requires a highly experienced Senior Payroll Officer to backfill this role Processsing end to end payroll for 800 -900 staff Preparation, payment & reconciliation of fornightly & monthly pay cycle Starters & Terminations Month end process: superannuation reconciliation and payment, payroll tax reconciliation, workplace giving payment, assist finance department with producing and reconciling payroll costing report for salary forecasting purposes Extensive stakeholder management involving extensive employee queries & Site Managers End of Month GL recs Promoting customer centric standards in the provision of payroll, award interpetation & employment procedures Manage the provision of high quality master data on SAP HR & Payroll Documenting procedures to maintain internal controls Proactively managing & implementing systems & process enhancements The role is for a minimum of 6-9 months on a contract basis. The Person An experienced end to end payroll candidate who has worked in a large scale, complex organisation, dealing with complex awards & EA's. Benefits Work for a technically proficient and highly supportive Payroll Manager in a first class organisation. To apply please click APPLY now to send your resume through to Michael Dowds at AccountAbility 
 The Firm An Accounting firm that specialises in the administration of Self-Managed Super Fund's. Their team provides an exceptional level of service to their clients located throughout Australia. The Role You will be dealing directly with clients and advising them on legislation in the SMSF area. You will be working directly for a successful and supportive Director, together with another Senior Accountant and responsible for approximately 200 SMSF's, as well as carrying out some general tax and advisory work, with a broad range of clients. We need somebody who has the ability to communicate with clients, be on top of the industry and take the necessary approach to develop the business. Duties will include, but not limited to:- Service client base of financial planners with their SMSF administration needs, including setup funds, commence pensions, consider strategies as they arise; Preparation of financial statement, tax returns & supporting documents for SMSF's; Assisting with the preparation of SMSF financial statements & source documents for independent audit; Maintain a custodial service for SMSF trustees to manage ATO tax payment obligations; Be a proactive & inclusive team member with an eye on the bigger picture for all stakeholders. You Minimum of 3 years' public practice experience, with strong knowledge in the SMSF Accounting field including providing advice directly to clients. You will have completed the CA or CPA Qualification. You will have excellent communication skills, have an eye on strategy and a genuine interest in developing the business. Experience with Class Super Software will be highly advantageous. Benefits Flexible working arrangements on offer; 5 weeks' annual leave; Salary above market rate; Continuous personal and professional development. Enjoy coming to work every day at this fun, yet professional firm. If you are interested, APPLY NOW to Kayleigh at Morgan Consulting. 
 Cadetship - Accounting and Technology About Us Azzurri Concrete  is a leading professional concrete placement and pumping  company with over 300 team members across various locations in the major Sydney and NSW regional centres.  Azzurri concrete offers a unique service to its portfolio of high value clients.  The Azzurri  approach is different.  At Azzurri, we use the companies IP and unique systems to provide clients with dramatically different and truly valuable concrete solutions  and insights. About the Position Each year we offer exciting opportunities for students studying  in accounting, IT or  other relevant fields including business and commerce. We provide flexible arrangements to allow a combination of full time, part time and distance education options whilst working in your chosen field 3-5 days per week. You'll have endless opportunities to learn from our experts, participating in weekly learning and development sessions, being paired with a buddy and working in a collaborative team, whilst also enjoying the great work environment and social events.  You will receive financial support for textbooks and generous leave provisions of 2 days study leave + 1 day exam leave per subject (based on working full time). Interested? To apply, please submit email resume, transcript or reports and a cover letter detailing what you'll bring to the position. For further information contact our Financial Controller via email, accounts@azzurriconcrete.com.au  We would also like to hear from you if you are interested in our vacation placement or graduate programs.   
 This successful private funds management group has an excellent opportunity for an Investment Accountant to join their small, friendly, tight-knit finance team. Due to a recent restructure the group are now looking for someone to fill a key role in the finance team which could be fulltime or potentially part time. The Role  As the successful candidate you will report directly to the Finance Manager. Some of the key responsibilities will include: Preparation of monthly portfolio valuations Full maintenance of investment system Preparation of all paperwork in relation to investments Monthly reconciliation of portfolio and assets Prepare monthly journals Assist with year-end audit and liaising with external auditors Preparation of financial statements and tax calculations Preparation of other financial analysis as required About you The role would suit an experienced CA/CPA looking for a stable environment. To be successful in the role ideally you will have gained experience working in an investment management or fund administration organisation and have a strong interest in equity markets as well as have the following: Strong numerical skills Strong excel skills High level of attention to detail Ability to work well autonomously Excellent written and verbal communication skills If you are interested please apply using the link below. Please ensure you attach a cover letter addressing the above requirements. Due to the high volume of applications received only short-listed candidates will be contacted. 
 This opportunity has arisen due to a restructure of the Finance team of this leading U.S. multinational situated in the South East suburbs. They are undergoing and exciting period of organisational transformation, solidifying their dominant market position throughout the Asia Pacific region.You will act as an integral member of the Financial Leadership team, leading a small team of two locally, and working closely with the organisations offshore Shared Services team. Reporting to a highly respected CFO based in India, and working closely with a local Commercial Manager, this role will have extensive stakeholder engagement throughout the global structure, with day to day duties including: Monthly and Annual Financial Reporting Managing and overseeing relationships with other operational functions Leading statutory reporting, group consolidations, financial control and all tax related matters Developing process improvements to ensure compliance with Local and US GAAP Manage the financial statement close process Liaise with and monitor the activities of the offshore Shared Service Centre Manage and monitor Cash flow Leading and mentoring the Financial Accounting team Coordinating Sox activities and compliance Preparation of FBT and GST returns Support the budgeting & strategic planning cycles This unique opportunity has been created at an exciting time in the businesses life cycle. You will be a CA/CPA qualified, technically astute finance professional who has approximately 7 to 10 years of strong and extensive group accounting exposure, ideally from within a complex global, complex Wholesale/Logistics organisation. You will have a good understanding of Australian Tax, and be an ambitious and hands on manager who enjoys leading a high performing team and driving strong insights and value to a variety of stakeholders. Please apply via the link below, or for a confidential discussion contact Barry Hodson on 03 9623 6781. 
 Join this established multi sector business, full accountability of the Accounts Payable function and team Your new company This multi sector established business with corporate offices in Southport are seeking a Accounts Payable Specialist with leadership and process improvement experience. Your new role Reporting to the Finance Manager you will be appointed to manage a busy accounts payable function supported by 2 team members. Although this role is about the overseeing of the creditor function you will be required to be hands on with the transactional processing during peak times of the month. In past roles you have assisted the Accountants with month end closing and reporting, process improvements and potential system upgrades/implementation. What you'll need to succeed We are seeking relevant recent experience within accounts payable specialist role, understanding of the accountancy concepts and principals and previous staff management/leadership exposure is preferred not essential. What you'll get in return This is a permanent full time position, ideally the organisation is seeking a candidate to commence as soon as possible, interviews are being held week commencing 16th April 2018. The salary is attractive and the organisation is performing well with continuous expected growth throughout 2018. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Sarah Williams -Business Manager- Accountancy and Finance Division on 07 5571 0751. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
Position Description Reporting directly to the Payroll Manager, the role will include but not be limited to: Assisting with weekly Payroll processing and calculation Email and hand out payslips and process payroll journal Prepare and lodge payroll tax, work cover and superannuation Administrative duties: filling, set up new employee folder, hand out starter pack, collect police check and reimburse police check expense Ideal Candidate Previous experience in Payroll is advantageous Demonstrated excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to multi-task Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment Ability to prioritise own work, and have excellent time management skills CHRIS21 experience essential Benefits On-site parking An Ultra Supportive Payroll Manager Flexible working hours Casual and fun working environment How to apply To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Taha Sayed at tsayed@sharpandcarter.com.au. 
An instantly recognizable brand with diverse interests and operations, this business is at the forefront of a number of the sectors it operates and has a strong market position on which to build further growth.    Reporting to the Tax manager and closely aligned with a high growth business unit, you will be responsible for the provision of taxation compliance and advisory services across a range of matters. You will be expected to build effective partnerships with divisional Finance Managers and provide pragmatic and commercially astute advice.    Specific deliverables include:    Tax effective accounting calculations; Preparation of tax returns, in particular GST, income tax and FBT; Conducting due diligence and subsequent integration of acquisitions; and Participating in process improvement and data analysis / cleansing projects.    A qualified accountant (CA or CPA), you will have proven experience within a similar role either working for a significant corporate or a ˜Big Four' or other well regarded accounting firm. Your strong tax effective accounting skills will be coupled with extensive knowledge of GST, FBT and income tax and will provide the technical foundation for your success in this role. This will be complemented by an affinity for working with large volumes of complex data and a natural inclination to solve problems as well as the ability to work with senior stakeholders across the business.    You will be joining a highly regarded and collaborative team and a business that is poised for further acquisitive growth. While a 12 month fixed term contract initially, a number of career development and professional development opportunities may present for the right candidate. To apply for this role please follow the link below. 
 West Perth Location Growth Opportunities Great Team Environment The Role We are currently seeking an experienced Finance Administrator to join our West Perth team. Working on our well known client's contract, you will ensure the timely and accurate processing of contract documentation including invoices, credit notes; and maintaining contract data in the Company's business system. Key Responsibilities Contract and Jobs Management, involving processing data, generate, review and processing of invoicing and preparation of contract documentation. Assist with month end financial requirements Assist the Operations leadership team with contract administrative requirements and data analysis Job Creation Job Schedule and allocation Raising POs Vendor queries Job signing off Generate, review and post sales invoices Assist completing vendor pre-qualification process and induction Assist EOM process Other Administrative and Clerical Support Skills and Experience Have a good work ethic, willing to make commitment and meet the deadline Have work experience in a similar role and have a good AP, AR & Payroll background Attention to details, and have a strong organisation skills Good communication skills “ both written and verbal Intermediate to advance excel skills Familiar with MS products This role offers an attractive salary, great employee benefits, and a great working environment. Who we are Programmed Industrial Maintenance is a leading provider of industrial maintenance solutions to the mining, oil & gas, manufacturing, utilities and infrastructure industries, leveraging scale to deliver localised services efficiently. Working with Programmed Industrial Maintenance means you will become part of the Programmed family: a company that encourages career development, supports flexibility and cares about your personal wellbeing and safety. We encourage applications from men and women of all ages, including people with a disability and Indigenous Australians. If you have the energy, attitude, experience and desire to be part of this exciting opportunity, apply now! To learn more about working with Programmed, we encourage you to visit our website. 
 The Company A well-established FMCG company based in Tullamarine, is looking to appoint an experienced Accounts Receivable Officer to their close-knit team. With a sound customer base of small businesses right through to major retailers Australia-wide, this organisation is seeking to upskill their capabilities to meet market demands. The Role Reporting to the Accounts Receivable Manager, and working in a team of 4 Accounts Receivable Officers, your responsibilities will include the following: Outbound collections calls (40% of the role) High volume processing of credit notes Allocation of payments Set-up and monitoring of new and existing customers Processing collections for banking Liaison with Sales Reps and Customer Service The Person We are looking for someone who is seeking a challenge, likes to be kept busy and who enjoys working as part of a team. You will have a strong understanding of the Accounts Receivable function, having worked previously in end to end positions. You will possess excellent communication skills, and not be afraid to get on the phones! Using your initiative, you will be able to pick things up quickly and work towards strict deadlines. To apply online please click on the apply link and send your resume in WORD format. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion please contact Jessica McMahon on 03 9948 9499. Please visit www.veritasrecruitment.com.au to view more jobs. (SK98321A) (SK98322A) 
 Landmark is an industry leader in Australian agribusiness and part of the Nutrien Group. Nutrien is world's largest provider of crop nutrients, inputs and services with a strong distribution of 1,500 retail outlets spanning across Australia, North America, Canada and South America. Landmarks key focus is providing crop nutrient, crop protection and seed products as well as services in agronomy, livestock, wool, insurance, real estate and finance. The Financial Services business supports Landmark's core business activities by providing specifically tailored products for farming enterprises that enable our Key customers to trade with Landmark whilst providing working capital solutions for their businesses along the way.   The business has now has developed a significant portfolio of customers Australia wide. With representation in over 300 branches, the business with a team of around 25 key people service all segments of the industry from the family owned farm to the largest corporate players in Australian Agriculture. Servicing the corporate ag sector as the Agribusiness Analyst you will be responsible for providing the credit function to a portfolio of Landmarks largest agribusiness customers nationally. Preparing credit submissions for large and complex transactions whilst satisfying the needs of the business and working collaboratively with the relevant Relationship and Credit Managers is critical to success. Key Responsibilities: Inbound quality checks on lending submissions, confirming they meet the minimum requirements to proceed to document preparation Proactive risk management to ensure all tasks are completed efficiently and meet all policy and compliance requirements. Liaise with business and customers to ensure the accuracy of the credit applications and the assessment process Understand the PPSA, raking and review of securities position To be successful in this role you will have the following skills, experience and/or expertise: Agribusiness Focus PPSR / Securities Experience Proven financial analysis experience involving balance sheets and profit and loss statements with a commercial mind-set Must be extremely responsive, with a strong sense of urgency, self-motivated and proactive. Strong interpersonal skills, communication skills (both oral and written) with attention to detail Landmark is an Equal Opportunity Employer For further information please contact Sam Elamirdarche on 03 9209 2195. Apply online at our website: http://careers.landmark.com.au 
 Omni-Care Pty Ltd is a leading provider of community based care services for people who are elderly or who have a disability or serious medical condition. The finance department currently consists of two full time and one part time finance assistant reporting to the managing director. The team work cooperatively to ensure that all finance tasks are completed in a timely and efficient manner. At Omni-Care we value customer service excellence, solutions focus, enthusiasm and teamwork. This position is a 12 month maternity leave role. Your key responsibilities will include: Accounts payable Disability finance management and credit control Assistance with the invoice and payroll functions Other administrative duties Success in this role will require: Previous experience in a finance role or an administrative role with an interest in finance Experience in disability financials while not essential, well regarded. Excellent phone manner and customer service skills Computer literacy in payroll and accounting packages with experience in AttachÃ© being particularly well regarded Superior time management and organisational skills Great attention to detail We are looking for a candidate who has energy and is enthusiastic and ready to do what it takes to be successful in this role. The position is fulltime Mon “ Fri, 8.30am - 5.00pm. If you are interested in a dynamic role with a fast growing organisation then please forward your resume with a detailed cover letter to dmccann@omni-care.com.au.   
 About the business The Costa Group is Australia's leading Fresh Produce grower, marketer and supplier to the large retail supermarket chains throughout Australia. This specific Business Unit, the Berry business, is enjoying rapid success in producing a range of Berries including Blueberries, Raspberries, Strawberries and Blackberries. The Head office for this operation is at Corindi, just north of Coffs Harbour on the northern coast of NSW. The business has national farming operations in Queensland, NSW, Tasmania and West Australia and is ongoing in increasing its production capacity. This role will be based at Corindi which offers idyllic lifestyle opportunities. About the role This position will support the Financial Controller in making commercial decisions for this business. You will generate budgets, forecasting, pricing and costing models for reporting, and assist in deeper analysis into this business. Some other accountabilities: Assist with budgeting and the forecasting process. Assist with the preparation of monthly cash flow forecasts. Prepare and review of balance sheet and GL reconciliations. Group consolidations. Identifying areas for process improvement. Benefits and perks A highly competitive package will be negotiated and some relocation assistance will be offered where applicable. Skills and experience You will need to have an eye for detail with the underlying ability to draw sound conclusions for advising the business. You will be excited by the prospect of further developing your skills and will have a long term career focus. Some other relevant experience/skills: Capable of building strong working relationships with a variety of stakeholders across the business. Preferable experience in manufacturing, FMCG or food with medium sized companies or corporate identities. You will have CPA, CA, CIMA or equivalent qualifications and be able to demonstrate previous experience in dedicated Management Accountant, Cost Accountant or Plant Accountant roles. This is an exciting opportunity to transfer your skills developed whilst working in a business services/support role and apply them in an industry based position. This role will assist in substantially developing both your Financial and Management Accounting skills. 
 About the business and the role A Small Accounting practice in inner East is looking for an Intermediate Accountant with 1 to 2 years of experience in small public practice (This MUST be a criteria). Please do not apply for this role if you do not meet this criteria.  Job tasks and responsibilities Key responsibilities: Preparation of Financial Statements for Trusts, Companies,  Partnerships  Preparation of Income Tax Returns for Trusts, Companies,  Partnerships and Individuals  Preparation of BAS & IAS;  Spreadsheets compilations; Third party liaisons; ATO liaisons; Skills and experience Accounting Degree Qualification  Preferred experience in small practice; Attention to details and multi- tasking are essential; Experience in MYOB AO Tax package and Ledger are essential but not necessary; Good verbal and written communication skills; Asian language is of advantage but not neccessary ;   
 WGA (Wallbridge Gilbert Aztec) is a national multi-disciplinary, award-winning consulting engineering team with an ethos based on developing long-term collaborative client relationships, and delivering innovative, buildable and economical solutions.                            We are seeking an enthusiastic and organised individual with solid book keeping experience to join our growing office in West Perth.  The successful applicant must be efficient with excel and MYOB, along with being well organised, flexible and self-motivated.    Responsibilities will include: Full function accounts payable and receivable Overseeing and coordination of invoicing, approximately 50 per month Fortnightly payroll for 30+ staff Superannuation submissions Month end balance sheet reconciliations Ad hoc reporting and general book keeping duties Bank reconciliations Provision of P&L reports to management   To be successful in the role, you will have: A minimum of 5 years' experience in a similar book keeping role A high level of computer literacy, in particular MYOB and Microsoft Office Suite A professional, friendly manner High attention to detail Strong communication skills and a can do attitude. A police clearance is essential   This is a newly created position which will suit someone looking to get back into the workforce, with the flexibility to work within school hours if desired.  Initially we expect the role to be approximately 16-25 hours per week with the view to grow with the office.  In return WGA offer you an open, supportive working environment which allows for development & creativity as well as an attractive salary package, subject to negotiation.     
 Accounts Manager Reporting to the CEO, the Accounts Manager drives the business. As a member of the ENS team you can expert to be supported in nurturing and managing successful relationships with clients, internal stakeholders and various authorities. You will pride yourself on delivering practical solutions in a timely manner and will have the  resources available to do so. Your career path will not only be your focus but will be an approach.    About You You demonstrate the self- drive and leadership required to be successful, and your honds-on approach to work is dynamic and energetic. You will have strong technical accounting skills, business acumen, core systems & process skills and a dedicated & supportive to team- work. You will be responsible for growing our existing diverse client base and working with a broad range of clients. You will have a level of responsibility around managing workflow for the team and require excellent client management skills. Qualifications You will have 3 to 4 years experience, gained within the Blue Collar Industry and have completed your CA or CPA. Knowledge/Skills * Demonstrate experience and confidence in direct client contact  * Excellent written and verbal communication * Analysing Data * Reporting accounting data to CEO on a weekly basis   To be considered for this role, send your updated resume to hr@euronaturalstone.com   
Client   For good reasons, this ASX listed Property Group is one of the most desirable Property companies to work for in Australia. Whilst possessing a positive, dynamic and high performing culture, they maintain a strong emphasis on succession planning and Finance being an effective and involved business partner to Operations. Role  As part of a team of Property Accountants and Analysts, you will be responsible for providing high quality support and service to a portfolio of Assets enabling optimal business decision making. There is a high expectation for the provision of quality management reports including monthly reporting, reconciliations, variance analysis, commentaries, budgeting and forecasting. Person You will be a customer-focused with excellent communication skills. You will be CA or CPA qualified with Property Accounting or Asset level Management Accounting experience from the owner or agency side. This opportunity will suit a team-player with ambitions to keep learning, developing and growing.  Apply To apply for this position, submit your CV to gabriel@redpathpartners.com or call Gabriel Fernandes on 0280714260 for more information.  Applications may take 3 - 5 days to process and due to high volumes of applications only successful applicants will be contacted. However, your application will be kept on file if a suitable position becomes available. 
 Company Background Our client is a well renowned international law firm with a fantastic reputation of working with some of the biggest companies in the world. With great offices in the CBD, access to an unparalleled range of resources and a positive corporate culture, they are a world leader in the legal sector. You will be working for a supportive manager in an organisation committed to staff development.   The Role Working with key stakeholders across the business, this Client Reporting Analyst role has been scoped to provide the client facing business units with useful insights and analysis to drive commercial outcomes. More specifically this will involve: Interpret financial data and provide analysis by client and matter Work with internal and external to provide analysis and commentary on matters Provide analysis and commentary on financial reports related to client matters Business partnering with internal stakeholders and developing productive relationships with them Ad hoc analysis as required This is a genuinely exciting opportunity for someone looking to step up into a true business partnering, commercially focused role.   Your Background To be considered for this Client Reporting Analyst role, you will need to have worked in a corporate environment and have the following skills and attributes: Significant experience of commercial analysis Experience of business partnering and supporting non finance stakeholders Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong to advanced Excel skills with SQL highly regarded   If you are keen to find out more about this position, please contact Louise Kelly at Richard Lloyd on 02 8324 5643, quoting reference 4180 or click on 'apply now' below. Please submit your CV in Word format and note that due to the high volume of responses we receive only suitable candidates will be contacted. 
 Job Description:  *    Vendors Statements Reconciliation *    Bank and Credit Card Reconciliation *    Exposure to Various Accounts Payable and Receivable Transactions *    Working with Account Software  (Quickbooks) make sure all the payment       invoice uploaded and paid correctly *    General administrative duties such as photocopying, scanning and filing       all related paperwork *    Data Entry into Accounting System (Willingness to learn a new accounting       software system *    Assisting the Accounts Manager when needed *   Have exceptional organisational skills and possess the ability to prioritise       tasks *   Liaise  with customers and Clients  You should have:  *    High levels of organisation and the ability to work efficiently in a fast         paced environment *    Fast and accurate data entry skills *   Intermediate to advanced Microsoft Office skills in Word, Excel and        Outlook *   Contribute to the overall team's success by actively working as a team        player *   Willing to learn and enthusiasm for the travel industry will work in their       favour *  Exceptional communicator both verbal and written 
 The Company: National organisation who are renown for going above and beyond with their level of customer service and care to ensure that their long-standing relationships with clients send them soaring into the future of logistics. The Role: Reporting to the Finance Manager, you will be assigned the following: Process high volume claims and Rebates. Identify and investigate all credit claims. Liaising with customers and internal personnel to achieve Resolution. Action pricing / discount for Change Notices. Action requests for discount amendments as requested by Sales Managers. Price breakdown on invoicing. Essential Person: Strong of MS Office Previous experience with credit claims Ability to interact with all levels of staff and customers. Effective problem identification and resolution skills. Excellent telephone manner and well developed negotiation skills. Tenacity and persistence to resolve issues. Identify and eliminate root cause of credit claims. Practical hands on abilities with a can do attitude. Benefits: Onsite Parking 3-month contract Supportive team environment To apply online please click on the appropriate link below and send your resume in WORD format. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion please contact Chantell Martino on +61 2 9891 7400. ( SK937507A ) Please visit www.veritasrecruitment.com.au to view more jobs. 
 We are looking for a part-time contract Assistant Accountant to join our team, someone who is motivated, organized and a team player. The initial period of employment will be until December 2018 but there is an opportunity for the right person to be offered continued employment past this. Duties include: Data Entry in MYOB / XERO BAS and IAS preparation and lodgement Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable management Bank & Accounts Reconciliation Payroll (Preferred but not essential) Knowledge with working papers/account reconciliations  (Preferred but not essential) Assisting the bookkeeping team/ accountants as required Applicants must have the following skills & experience A high level of bookkeeping experience Proficient in MYOB and XERO Intermediate in Excel Ability to follow instructions Possess a great eye for detail and accuracy Excellent time management skills Ability to work independently within the bookkeeping team Excellent verbal and written communication Professional and Reliable Ability to think outside the box Flexible working hours “ Approximately 25 hours per week This is an exciting opportunity to join a well-established and growing professional firm. We have a close knit team and a vibrant office environment with regular fun social events. Office hours are 9:00am to 5:00pm Monday to Friday. To apply for this opportunity please email a detailed cover letter and resume to bookkeeping@bassonewman.com.au We will only be contacting successful applicants. 
 Accounts Clerk - Textile/Fashion Group Immediate need “ 4.5 months Marrickville Location My Client is a Marrickville based textile/fashion group who provides branding services specific to company needs. They have an immediate need for an Accounts Clerk to join their dynamic team on an immediate basis for 4.5 months to assist with data migration from one system to a new, industry-specific system. The latter part of the role will be annual leave relief and the core duties will consist of the following; Process sales orders Create purchase orders and send to suppliers Create customer cards Accounts receivable and credit collection Process supplier invoices Prepare weekly supplier payments Bank reconciliations including payments allocations Data entry Other ad hoc duties as required Systems: MYOB JIM **Experience with the following is highly desired but not mandatory. Any ERP use is sufficient. The ideal Candidate: Previous experience in the duties mandatory High attention to detail Can work in a fast-paced environment Quick learner Strong communication skills Whats on offer: Immediate start Accessible location, minutes' walk from train station Fun, vibrant team A reputable fashion brand on your CV   Here lies a great opportunity to join a energetic team in a fast paced environment and really enhance your existing skillset.  You will also grow your network in the fashion industry with some key players on the market.  If you would like to hear more, please email Elliott at elliott@charterhouse.com.au ;  WHV candidates are welcome!   
 Payroll Officer job in Balgowlah $30-35ph + Super. Processing payroll for a leading company, to start 17/4/18 Your new company This fantastic well-known company is well known for its top quality products. Located in Balgowlah, this position offers a dynamic and innovative work environment in a passionately run business. Due to annual leave, a Payroll Officer is needed to join the team for 2 days a week for 1-2 months. Your new role Reporting to the CFO, you will be responsible for processing 70 employees on the weekly and fortnightly payroll. You will be mainly involved in the processing and time and attendance. What you'll need to succeed Your previous experience in a similar role within payroll will lead to your success. You will be using the software programme ADP; experience with this programme is ESSENTIAL. You will also have experience in interpreting EBA's and awards. Your excellent communication and time management skills will ensure you thrive in this committed and enthusiastic team. What you'll get in return You'll be offered an hourly rate of $30-35ph + Super, working for a top of the range company. You'll receive support and the opportunity to work alongside ambitious like-minded individuals. You will be working for an innovative company, who understand the importance of first class customer service. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click ˜apply now' or for more information and a confidential discussion on this role or to find out about more opportunities in Accountancy Support contact Kitty French at Hays on 02 9¦show number or email kitty.french@¦show email . 
 About the business The Company NextFleet Australia is a new Fleet Management Organisation based in Brisbane, with its parent entity based in Tokyo. About the role The Role This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced accounting officer to join a greenfield operation and play a pivotal role in the success of the company.  Initially, the role will cover the accounting and administration sections of the business, with a view to transitioning solely to the accounting team as the business grows. Accounting Duties You will play a vital role in the efficient operation of the accounts payable function and many other financial activities such as: Preparing accounts for payment; Reconciliations; Managing appropriate processing of invoices and purchase orders; Managing weekly payment runs; Assisting with financial reporting; Administration Duties Apart from the finance duties your role would encompass essentially running the office.   To act as the initial point of contact handling incoming calls, occasional visitors and general enquiries. The handling and distribution of all incoming material including faxes, mail (PO & office), email and voicemail. Handle the distribution of incoming and outgoing mail, courier items and services, dispatching of small product orders evaluation of quotes and rates, invoicing, shipments and correspondence. Provide general assistance to senior staff regarding travel arrangements. Maintain office staff attendance register. Other duties that may be required from time to time. Skills and experience The Person The successful applicant will possess: Relevant Bachelor's Degree or Tertiary qualifications in Accounting; Currently working towards completing a CPA/CA; At least 2 years of experience in a similar role; Intermediate-advanced Excel skills; High level of attention to detail and reconciliation skills; Strong analytical skills, attention to detail, and organisational skills; Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. 
 Our client is one of the Big 4 Australian banks.  Due to a project requirement, an opening currently exists for an experienced Financial Planning and Analysis expert, with sound financial modelling skills for a 3 month engagement with an immediate start. The role's requirements revolve around creating impact and delivering expertise across a range of areas. These areas can really be broken down into three main components: - Business Partnering - Planning & Reporting - Financial Control To be the successful candidate, you will need the following qualifications and experience: - Tertiary qualifications in Business, Accounting or Commerce - CA/CPA Qualifications (or equivalent) - Broad experience and knowledge of accounting systems (Ideally HFM) - Experience in influencing and communicating with senior stakeholders. If you believe you meet most of the above requirements, please contact us for a confidential discussion. 
 About us: Buildsafe is committed to being number 1 in everything we do, it's not just about being number 1 in our industry, but being number 1 in excellence, number 1 in growth, number 1 in teamwork and number 1 in the core fundamentals that Buildsafe stands for. https://youtu.be/QstFVE0BdLY We are extremely committed to our culture and developing our people both personally and professionally to succeed in life. The role: We are looking for a person who has strong payroll and accounts payable experience in a large or multi company environment, essentially you will be responsible for the processing of all payroll related functions (300+ employees), including the creation and maintenance of employee payroll records, processing of weekly payroll for a medium to large payroll, all payroll reconciliation to general leger including the compliance related payroll like Superannuation, Payroll Tax are essential.  Along with payroll, you will be responsible for and have proven experience in the following; Month end payroll accrual work papers and leave management Processing transactional information for Accounts Payable, Credit Cards as well as experience in Daily Bank Reconciliations. The accounts functions - ad hoc administrative and reconciliation tasks as allocated by the accountant. About you: You will be an individual who can work independently within the group process and procedures. You will be flexible, approachable, a problem solver and possess excellent communication.                          Working in a team environment you will be able to contribute positively to team discussions and share our vision of encouraging a culture of continuous improvement. Skills would include Intermediate to advanced Office Suite of products, excellent time management and previous experience a group or multi company environment would be preferred. Intermediate to advanced Office suite applications Excellent time management Previous experience at a group or multi group environment Attention to detail, accuracy and quality of work Highly productive with an excellent work ethic Driven, passionate, who's strives for excellence Ability to work in an open floor plan We are looking for a high achiever to join our team, who shares the same values as we do and is committed to making a difference, if you would like to be part of the Buildsafe team and journey, then apply today We can offer you a great working environment, with a company committed to creating a healthy and "REAL" culture that we are very proud of. 
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us collect debts and lead the improvement of our debt recovery arrangements. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review An important part of our work is to investigate instances of serious and intentional misuse, misappropriation, and fraudulent obtaining of funds in relation to Health Provider access to Australian Government Health funding programs. We undertake investigations under Part IID of the Human Services (Medicare) Act 1973, referring matters to the Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions (CDPP) for criminal prosecution. Who are we looking for? Experienced investigators Experienced fraud analysts What will you do? As part of the Investigations Section, you will lead a team that: Conduct analysis of suspected fraud cases referred to the team; Conduct investigations into cases of fraud and fraud-related non-compliance for referral of cases to the CDPP, and Raise associated debt; prepare briefs of evidence for the CDPP undertaking search warrants as required. Executive Level 1 staff provide leadership and management of the PBID. Who are you? You will hold qualifications in Accountancy You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and experience in overseeing major operations, the preparation and execution of search warrants, records of interview, witness statements and briefs of evidence to the Public Prosecutor Office or; You have extensive experience in fraud and entity analysis. You can ensure all investigations are conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You will be able to assist in the development of policy and procedures for the conduct of investigations as required You are experienced in giving evidence in criminal and civil court You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will hold a Diploma in Government Investigations or equivalent, or ability to gain within 12 months. What you need to know Positions are based in Sydney, Melbourne or Canberra Office Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Negative Vetting Level 1 Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 We are seeking a qualified, motivated and hard-working individual to join our enthusiastic team. We offer a professional and positive team environment with a supportive and collaborative culture.  Cedar West has been operating for more than 25 years and is a leading supplier of top quality timber joinery and mouldings for the residential, commercial and retail sectors. Current and past projects:  Award-winning luxury new homes throughout Western Australia, Old Treasury Buildings (Perth CBD), Australian Apartment of the Year (South Perth), Kailis Beach Restaurant (Trigg), Claremont Council Chambers (Claremont). Responsibilities will include: Data entry and upkeep of all accounts information into MYOB and internal project management software Timely collection of debtors in accordance with terms and conditions (70% of role)  Follow up and collection of due monies prior to dispatch of goods (daily) Daily Banking including Bank Feeds Bank statement and credit card reconciliations Weekly payroll processing A/R  and A/P processing and reconciliations Debtors and Creditors monthly reconciliation Handling of Trade credit insurance applications Client Debtors Insurance Account application processing To be considered for this role, you will need the following skills and attributes: Competent and professional in regular follow up of Debtors for debt collection. Highly organised - able to manage and plan own workload in a stand alone accounts role Excellent MYOB skills inc exposure to payroll.. Professional presentation and attitude. Hours The role is ~ 22 hours per week and we can discuss hours and days that will suit the team and successful applicant  Must include Thursdays (payroll) Additional hours as required based on workload We take immense pride in our work and we look for people who have a fantastic work ethic and a passion for quality and service. We are committed to changing with the evolving needs of the industry and to training our staff to develop and grow. At Cedar West, our mission is to "make your first impression last". If you are ready to make a lasting first impression, we want to hear from you. To apply for this position, please send your cover letter and resume via the apply for this job button. 
 Location: Western Sydney Salary: $88k to $105k Package Role: join a highly regarded global FMCG brand name that is in growth with great work/life balance Role Overview Reporting to a Senior Tax Accountant, this Group FBT Accountant drives the business' tax compliance specifically relating to fringe benefits tax. The Group FBT Accountant has primary day-to-day responsibility for the completion of all aspects relating to fringe benefits tax including motor vehicle registers, collation of information, review of benefits and lodgement of returns. The key success factor will be your prior experience relating to fringe benefits tax and professional attitude in how you engage the people around you. Responsibilities Work as part of a team to drive the completion of fringe benefits calculations by coordinating information requirements across the group and sourcing relevant data from key systems Maintain the group's motor vehicle register Provide technical support to the group around fringe benefits provided Take ownership for the preparation of annual FBT returns Support a robust tax compliance environment is maintained through the management of appropriate supporting documentation, workflow structures etc. Contribute to ad hoc business queries through the provision of tax advice and support. Help drive and participate in continuous improvement initiatives that seek to drive efficiency and risk management across key tax compliance processes. Contribute as a passionate team member, actively supporting the wellbeing and engagement of the team / business. Candidate Profile You are passionate about fringe benefits tax and are seeking to leverage your knowledge to move into a larger organisation where you can prove yourself. Ideally coming from a similar role in commerce or otherwise in a business advisory of chartered background, you have excellent communication and organisational skills to engage people across the business. Previous exposure to SAP and OneSource would be highly regarded. Culture & Benefits The organisation is a top player in its field in the Australian FMCG sector and is considered one of the world's most creative businesses to work for. This organisation employs thousands locally with a focus on work/life balance and opportunities to grow. Join a global FMCG - be part of a team and business in growth Be rewarded - salary range $88k to $105k Package Be happy - have true work/life balance Apply If this sounds like you, please send your resume by clicking the apply link below addressing Tom Nisevic quoting reference number TNFBTA4008 in the subject line. 
 Company High profile education services organisation undergoing a period of significant change. Position This is a new role reporting to a Senior Finance Business Partner - you are responsible for the performance analytics of a large business unit within this organisation, including aligning the strategy with the analytics.  Working closely with a variety of stakeholders you will review and ensure quality processes around budgeting and forecasting as well as providing commercial advice on annual budgets and management reporting.  Financial modelling and ad hoc reporting is a key component of this role. Profile You must be CPA/CA/CIMA qualified with extensive analytics experience in a large, stakeholder focused organisation. You are hands on, experienced with budgets and modelling and analysis.  You will have expeirence in building and maintaining detailed models, create streamlined processes by drawing data from various systems, and utilise your eye for detail in a broader capacity by communicating critical messages to a wide rang of senior stakeholders. Benefits This is a permanent role located in Sydney and is paying $135k package (cash component of around $115k. A fabulous working environment for finance professionals who are looking to add value in a business partnering relationship. Apply Please contact Karen-Anne Donnelly or Trisha Roberts on +612 9262 4836 or apply at www.moirgroup.com.au. To be alerted when we advertise a new job please set up a "job alert" by visiting us at our website www.moirgroup.com.au 
The Firm This Sydney based accounting and consulting firm located in the heart of the Sydney CBD is a network of independent accounting and consulting firms. They operate in 80 countries and have offices in over 250 major business centres with 7600 employees in total. Their Sydney based office with 10 partner and 60 staff are currently experiencing a strong growth phase and as a result are looking to add talented, driven and ambitious accountants to their team. With a focus on a solid SME base, this firm continue to add high quality clients through a successful referral network. Clients come from a range of industries including financial services, IT consultancies along with HNWI's from the legal and medical industry with turnovers up to $50 million. Based in modern offices, you will work in a team environment with direct support from the Partners. The Role Reporting directly to the Partners, you will be responsible for managing a portfolio of clients and will be the given the opportunity to progress at your own pace. Your responsibilities will include but not be limited to: Review the preparation of financial statements, taxation returns, company trusts, individual and self managed super funds.  Assist the Partners with ad hoc advisory projects  Assist with developing client relationships The Person In order to be successful in this role, it is essential you have: 5 + years' experience in a local chartered firm CA Qualified/part-qualified Excellent communication skills Strong work ethic and pro-active mentality Ability to work autonomously In return, you will be offered a collaborative working environment with a strong emphasis on work-life balance. If you would like to have a confidential discussion about this opportunity, please call Zoe Jennings on (02) 8256 5020. 
 Are you a Registered Tax Accountant? Work with Australia's #1 online Tax Agent “ providing convenience and great online tax services to clients Join our vibrant and successful team of Tax Reviewers and Registered Tax Agents. A great way to earn an additional income, with the ability to determine your own workload and working hours operating within the comfort of your own home. This is a short-term contract for the upcoming tax season only. Our client base consists of: Individual tax payers Small and Medium size Enterprise Our online systems help you to efficiently review client tax returns prior to lodgement. System training is provided to help you in the process. Responsibilities include: Reviewing client tax returns Requesting further information or documents from clients where required Advising when tax refunds can be improved Adhering to TPB, ATO and in-house guidelines Lodging compliant and honest returns Responding professionally to all correspondence (both internal and external) Skills include: 2-3 years' current Australian Individual Tax Return experience Current experience lodging and reviewing individual and business tax returns Excellent written communication skills Able to work efficiently and independently Role Requirements:    Registered Tax Agent license Reliable computer and high speed internet Able to respond promptly to correspondence within a 24 hour time-frame Please note: Due to a large volume of returns at our practice, you must be available from the beginning of June to the middle of August. Training commences early June, in preparation for work starting July 1st. If this position sounds right for you, we want to hear from you! Please copy and paste the URL below into your preferred browser to apply. https://etax.peoplehr.net/Pages/JobBoard/Opening.aspx?v=d2ecfd5d-1767-4b08-8fcc-68d2d5de21d4 Any other enquiries please contact Human Resources on (07) 3457 5193. 
 Immediate Start Assistant Accountant Role - Fast Paced Automotive Organisation - SAP System Experience. Your new company An exciting opportunity exists to work as an Assistant Accountant with a well-recognised automotive company based inner city location and close to public transport. This is an immediate start contract role with the possibility of an extension. Your new role Full Function Accounts Payable Financial Reporting Month End Journals Process Improvement for Policies Provide Specialist Support to Suppliers FBT Support with Reporting, Marketing, Fund Management Expense Reporting Adhoc administration What you'll need to succeed Experienced in Full Function Accounts Payable Processing Invoices to Suppliers and Dealers System Experience in SAP System Automotive Industry Experience Highly Desirable Large Company Background Strong Excel Skills Able to work Independently and Quick Learner Process Improvements Finance Degree Qualified What you'll get in return This role comes with a competitive salary package, has free car parking and is an opportunity to work for a global company with distinct culture and strong values. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now 9804 5313. Or Email Sarah.Brooker@Hays.com.au If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 About the Company Our client is an Aged Care organisation, providing support to older South Australians with services in retirement and residential accommodation, home support services, respite choices and short-term transition services. They have a strong focus on service innovation to provide tailored services to suit their customers' needs. About the Role In this role, reporting to the Payroll Manager, you will be responsible for processing end to end payroll for a large workforce in the health and community services sectors. Working with your team, you will process fortnightly payroll, including data entry, leave and termination calculations, setting up new starters and assisting with preparation of end of month and year end reports as required. Duties Your duties will include but not be limited to: Data entry of timesheets Ongoing maintenance of fortnightly rosters Set up new and maintain existing employee master files Assist with end of month reports including superannuation and WorkCover reporting Respond to internal payroll queries in a friendly, timely mannerS Skills and Experience A working knowledge of relevant payroll procedures concerning shift types, standard, overtime and penalty pay rates, and a broad range of other terms and conditions affecting pay, as well as the ability to recognise changes in legislation and industrial agreements will be essential for success in this role. Experience using ERP systems would be advantageous. To be successful in this role, you should also be able to demonstrate the following: Experience in a similar role, processing high volume end to end payroll A high level of customer service and communication skills Demonstrated ability to work under pressure, multi-task to meet deadlines and priorities your daily workload A strong team focus and willingness to share knowledge High attention to detail How to Apply If this opportunity sounds like you, please apply via the link. All interest will be treated in the strictest of confidence. Alternatively, if you'd like to know more, please contact Megan Kelly in our Adelaide office on 08 8223 8825. 
 Laurent Head Office - Camberwell Location, close to train station Broad exposure to our growing business Immediate start FMCG environment   Laurent Bakery Group is a leading and well established Bakery producing wide range of traditional European products for our own retail stores and a growing list of wholesale customers. Our business is expanding and with this comes great career opportunities. We are currently looking for a Credit Officer to join our established finance team to provide financial, administrative and clerical services in order to ensure effective and accurate financial and administrative operations. Our work environment is fast paced and requires teamwork, attention to detail and excellent communication skills to: Manage customer accounts Controlling all debt collection Build and maintain relationships with key departments and stakeholders Preparation of monthly reports and statement processing Investigation and follow up for all outstanding claims Allocating incoming EFT and cheque payments Adhere to the credit  policies and procedures   To be successful in this role, you will be organized, efficient and possess: SAP knowledge highly regarded Demonstrated credit control experience Tertiary qualification in Accounting or related business discipline Intermediate Excel skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills essential Strong problem solving and negotiation skills Ability to deal with large volume of data Experience working in a fast paced environment   Due to the high volume of applicants only short listed candidates will be contacted.   
  **GRADUATE ACCOUNTANT** Please Note - Only apply if you are a Graduate with some experience in an Australian Accounting firm. Only Australian Permanent Residents will be considered  The firm & role Our client, a very well established and reputable Chartered Accounting firm based in Sydney CBD, is currently seeking to recruit a Junior / Graduate level Accountant with 1 to 2 years Tax and Business Services experience. Working closely with Partners and Managers, you will assist with Tax compliance for a variety of SME and High Net Worth Individual clients. The firm has an excellent reputation and supportive Partners - as you progress, you will be given lots of scope to gain exposure to more complex work, so you can continue to learn.  YOUR DUTIES Preparing financial statements and income tax returns BAS / IAS, GST, FBT Returns  Bookkeeping   Liaising with clients  Working towards budgets/ deadlines  THE IDEAL CANDIDATE Recent Graduate or currently studying Accounting at a reputable Australian University (minimum Credit Average) Excellent results in Tertiary education  Possess 1-2 years public practice experience in Tax and Business Services (we are unable to consider candidates who do not possess this experience) Hard working, able to multi-task, reliable  Professional presentation  High attention to detail Superb verbal and written communication skills (ESSENTIAL) YOU WILL BE REWARDED WITH CA support (financial and study leave) Excellent starting salary  Professional / Social environment Close knit, supportive team Superb office - access to major transport and amenities  Please note - only short-listed candidates will be contacted. HOW TO APPLY? For an immediate interview, send your resume by clicking on the APPLY button NOW, or contact Yulius on (02) 9283-0777 for more information. 
 We are seeking a professional and self-driven individual to take on this exciting and varied role to work together with our finance team.   Key Responsibilities Assist with budget and forecast preparation Support the Finance Manager in providing financial analysis and reporting Management of end of month reporting and accounts close out (including balance reconciliations) Point of contact for pharmacy account enquiries Pharmacy creditor management Provide Finance Officers with guidance and direct support on technical advice   Personal Skills & Attributes Exceptional communication skills High attention to detail Minimum 2 years' experience in a similar role TAFE or Bachelor's Degree qualification in Accounting or a similar related field Proficient in MS Office Suite with strong competency in Excel including application of formulas Experience with MYOB and Xero or similar cloud based system would be an advantage If you are wanting to explore this exciting opportunity please submit your Cover Letter and Resume via Apply Now! For further inquiries contact Mariya on 08 8379 2675. Our culture prides on 'diversity and inclusion' and 'work life balance'. This is some of the best parts of working under Pharmacy Lynx. 
 Surdex Steel is a dynamic leader in the steel industry, offering a comprehensive steel distribution service throughout Victoria. As a proud member of the Southern Steel Group, we have the capability to handle all steel requirements, no matter how big or small. We are currently looking for an experienced Credit Manager to join the business in Dandenong. Reporting to the General Manager you will be responsible for developing and maintaining the current credit policy, manage debtors and credit risk for all our branches across the Surdex business and assess new customer credit applications. You will manage and supervise a small team ensuring that collection procedures are followed and targets are achieved at all times. Other responsibilities include: Regular discussions with the General Manager regarding current debtors and monitoring of high risk accounts; Liaise with sales staff and management on new accounts, collections and credit limits; Research, approve and process all new credit account applications; Maintaining the PPSR register for the business and reviewing any potential exposure or limit risks; To supervise and direct proceedings of all accounts handed over for legal action; Attending credit bureau meetings and build relationships by networking with credit professionals in our industry; Provide regular updates and company snapshot reports; Provide end of month reporting to senior management. To be considered for this role you must have a high level of credit management and debt control experience within a large, complex environment. Previous experience working in the steel distribution, manufacturing or a related industry is preferred. Skills & Experience: Accounting and/or credit management qualifications; A high degree of accuracy and strong attention to detail skills; Excellent analytical, problem solving and decision making skills; An ability to engage and negotiate with people across all levels of the organisation, and customers to achieve the required outcome; Strong written and verbal communication skills coupled with good computer skills; Excellent knowledge of MS Excel is important and will be well regarded; Supervise, coach and lead a small team. In this role you will receive a competitive salary in line with relevant work experience, skills and experience. If you're a team player, self-motivated and results driven individual, please apply now and build a career in the steel industry with a dynamic organisation. 
 Newly created position offering great variety within Accounts Payable, complex invoicing, reconciliations and ad hoc projects. Eastern Suburbs Client Details This progressive growth business environment prides themselves on delivery of a high-end product through superior customer service and exceptional attention to detail. Boasting a welcoming stable team environment, well established procedures and a supportive management team, this professional business offers on-site parking, modern offices and scope to progress and grow if sought. Description This position will see you predominately Managing all client invoicing requirements for the business, this will involve complex interpretation of contractual client agreements in terms of delivery model, payment structures, discount application, pricing and adjustments. Assistance within the Accounts Payable function including processing of invoices for payment, completion of supplier reconciliations, management of the staff reimbursement process, dealing with supplier queries and assisting in payment runs. Completion of bank reconciliations and cash flow reporting Ad hoc support to accounting / administrative support to the wider business as required Profile The successful candidate will possess an excellent attention to detail, superior stakeholder management skills, an ability to prioritise tasks and work within a deadline driven environment. A strong background within complex invoicing and Account Payable coupled with an logical and proactive nature will be highly regarded. Job Offer This opportunity is a full time permanent position To express your interest please forward your resume in Word format, all application will be treated with strict confidentality. 
EPIC Welcomes Everyone EPIC celebrates diversity in all its forms. Our work environment is inclusive. As we develop our workforce our objective is to have a pool of experience and talent to maximise our competitive advantage as well as ensure we are representative of the communities we serve. EPIC welcomes everyone! About EPIC Assist EPIC is an established community-based organisation that specialises in assisting people with a disability to actively participate in their community through sustainable, long term employment.  At EPIC, we have a values-based culture based on delivering results that matter for our participants.  We have a strong history of promoting from within and encouraging our employees to be the best they can be.   About the Role We are looking to recruit an Assistant Accountant to join our Head Office support team.  This role provides financial administration to the organisation including accounts processing, payroll and reporting working with a team of Assistant Accountants. Applications are invited from suitably qualified, experienced and enthusiastic professionals who are passionate about making a difference in people's lives. Skills and Experience * Check, lodge and upload all weekly payments * Reconcile monthly supplier invoices * Understanding of payroll processing * Experience using a Finance system * Advanced communication, interpersonal and organisational skills * Capability of dealing with queries and feedback in an effective and professional matter * Bachelors Qualification in Commerce or Accounting   Culture and Benefits EPIC is a caring and fun place to work with supportive, passionate and friendly colleagues and leaders who value your contribution, and share your commitment to achieving positive results for our participants.   Your work will be both challenging and rewarding and you will be encouraged to take advantage of professional development opportunities.  You will also have access to salary sacrificing to increase your take home pay.  For more information about EPIC and our employment conditions, please visit epicassist.org.    Applications are invited from suitably qualified, experienced and enthusiastic professionals who are passionate about making a difference in people's lives.   Applications close 24 April 2018   If you have any specific requirements we need to consider, please contact our Human Resources Department on 07 38575085 prior to any interviews. All Applicants must be willing to undergo a National Police Check as well as expected to obtain a Working with Children Check and may be requested to undertake a medical check-up. 
 A great opportunity for a Billings officer to work in a friendly company. The role is a full time permanent position based in Macquarie Park. The position is open to both experienced and graduate candidates as salary will depend on experience. Client Details The company is an industry leading manufacturing company with a great presence internationally. The company creates a great team culture where progression is encouraged. The client is adaptive and provides great flexibility for the staff. A Billings Officer is needed to join a growing team. Description Reporting to the Billings Manager your duties will include but not be limited to: Working across SAP, Masterpack, JDE & TransService Assisting internal customers/stakeholders with enquires regarding invoices, credits and billing arrangements Critical thinking and attention to detail is essential! This role will be involved in process improvements and implementation, so any experience in this area is a bonus. Processing RA's, Credits, Fixed Fee Billings, Bill on contract invoices, Bill on Service invoice & Ad Hoc Invoice generation. Setting up fixed billing arrangements in the respective systems. Profile As the successful candidate you will be driven with a strong attention to detail. Your communication skills, both written and verbal will be strong. You will be fast and accurate with data entry combined with outstanding investigative skills. You will be organised with good time management. Job Offer Great company Close to public transport Progression opportunity To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Nicholas Courtenay on +61 2 8221 8132. 
 As one of the Australia's largest providers of human resources solutions, Chandler Macleod has a proven track record of unleashing potential in people and companies. For over 40 years Chandler Macleod's recruitment business has connected leading-edge projects and employers with outstanding business professionals. We are currently seeking an EL1 Management Accountant to join our Federal Government client on 12 month contract. This is for an immediate start with the possibility of extension. The Team Leader, Budgets will manage a team of professionals who are responsible for administering the departments resource allocation process, providing quality management reports and sound financial advice to the department. The role is also responsible for supporting the Manager, Budgets & Systems and the National Manager, Finance, Property & Procurement (the Chief Finance Officer). The Team Leader will need to be able to assist with both the internal and external budget process as required. Duties will include:  Administering the internal budget process to ensure all resource allocation decisions are well documented and correctly reflected in the Financial Management Information System.  Assessing resource bids and developing recommendations to assist with resource allocation decisions for the department.  Negotiating with internal and external stakeholders and acting as primary liaison where necessary.  Resolve funding issues for projects and initiatives.  Advising business areas including senior executives financial management related matters, including but not limited to PGPA Act and accounting standards.  Monitoring the department financial performance and advising, verbally and in writing, the Manager, Budgets & Systems and internal stakeholders including senior executives on financial drivers and cost management options.  Providing concise and targeted monthly management reports highlighting the financial performance of the department and its Directorates.  Building and refining the forecasting and pricing models to influence the department resource management decisions.  Developing and maintaining effective working relationships with clients and external stakeholders.  Preparing financial reports and briefing papers for the department Board and various Committees, including project reporting.  Effectively managing and developing a team of finance professionals, including ensuring the team is updated with relevant changes in accounting standards and legislation, and developing work plans and monitoring workflow to meet objectives and timeframes.  Assist with management and delivery of external budget and associated processes. Requirements: 1. Demonstrated experience in government budgeting processes, including preparing, presenting and advising on budgeting and financial modelling. 2. Demonstrated experience in preparing financial reports and commentary tailored to the Senior Executive Service. 3. Well developed supervisory and leadership skills, with a focus on client service. 4. Demonstrated liaison, interpersonal and negotiation skills, including the ability to influence stakeholders through strong verbal and written communication skills. 5. CBMS Experience ideal 6. Gartner costing review experience This is a position of trust. The occupant must satisfy and abide by the Commission's security requirements, which include Australian citizenship. The occupant must also satisfy a rigorous security assessment by the Australian Government Security Vetting Agency and is required to gain and maintain a NV1 clearance. In assessing suitability for employment the department conducts a pre-employment screening process. This requires the applicant to complete a pre-employment screening form for the purpose of character and background checking, and a psychological assessment. If you would like to be considered, please APPLY NOW and submit your current CV. Chandler Macleod and our Client are Equal Opportunity Employer's and encourage applicants from all backgrounds and gender to apply, including, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander candidates. 
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us collect debts and lead the improvement of our debt recovery arrangements. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review An important part of our work is to investigate instances of serious and intentional misuse, misappropriation, and fraudulent obtaining of funds in relation to Health Provider access to Australian Government Health funding programs. We undertake investigations under Part IID of the Human Services (Medicare) Act 1973, referring matters to the Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions (CDPP) for criminal prosecution. Who are we looking for? Experienced investigators Experienced fraud analysts What will you do? As part of the Investigations Section, you will lead a team that: Conduct analysis of suspected fraud cases referred to the team; Conduct investigations into cases of fraud and fraud-related non-compliance for referral of cases to the CDPP, and Raise associated debt; prepare briefs of evidence for the CDPP undertaking search warrants as required. Executive Level 1 staff provide leadership and management of the PBID. Who are you? You will hold qualifications in Accountancy You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and experience in overseeing major operations, the preparation and execution of search warrants, records of interview, witness statements and briefs of evidence to the Public Prosecutor Office or; You have extensive experience in fraud and entity analysis. You can ensure all investigations are conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You will be able to assist in the development of policy and procedures for the conduct of investigations as required You are experienced in giving evidence in criminal and civil court You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will hold a Diploma in Government Investigations or equivalent, or ability to gain within 12 months. What you need to know Positions are based in Sydney, Melbourne or Canberra Office Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Negative Vetting Level 1 Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 12 month contract Full time (with consideration for flexible hours or part-time) Macquarie Park location, parking available SPOS Group is a leading supplier of point of sale, retail merchandising and display products for Australia and New Zealand's largest retailers and brands.  We have operated in these markets for over 30 years and have office locations in Sydney, Melbourne and Auckland. We are seeking an experienced Accountant to join our team for a 12 month contract.  Reporting to the Head of Finance and Operations, this role will own the accounting and financial transactions for Australia and New Zealand, supported by our Assistant Accountant.  The preferred candidate for this role will have experience in management or financial accounting, with a strong focus on commercial outcomes for the business.  You will drive the achievement of group strategy and ensure the integrity of data contained in our accounting system. Key responsibilities will include: Monthly accounting and management reporting Oversee accounts payable and receivable Ensure credit control policy and procedures are compliant Project reporting and analysing to assess financial impact on business Budget management and forecasting Reporting and meeting Tax and Statutory requirements To be successful in this role, you will need to have at least 3 years' experience in similar role, with excellent communication skills and the ability to show ownership and initiative to meet accounting deliverables.  Experience with Netsuite or Xero Payroll would be considered favourable To be considered for this exciting opportunity please ˜apply now' attaching your resume and cover letter outlining how you meet the requirements for this role.  
 Madras Link is a well-established importer and wholesaler of homewares in the Australian market with our offices located in the northern suburbs of Melbourne. The business is involved in designing, importing, sales and distribution of a wide range of home textiles, decorator accessories and floor coverings and clients include major department stores as well as medium to smaller home-wares and gift stores. This is a dynamic business experiencing strong growth over the years.  We are now seeking a Financial Accountant who will be responsible for the financial operations of the business and will be required to support the financial growth and profitability of the business. The key responsibilities of the role include : Ensure timely reporting of monthly financial statements in comparison to the approved budget and preparation of an agreed reporting pack within the first week of the following month. Assist in the preparation of the financial budgets in consultation with the Directors and COO of the Company.  Present an updated rolling six month cash flow projection to the Board within the first week of each month along with any relevant assumptions, comparing the previous month's projected cash flow against actuals and highlighting variations. Monthly BAS preparation, PAYG, GST, Superannuation and other ATO payments as required. Prepare fortnightly and monthly payroll. Responsible for all financial activities across the business, including accounts payable, accounts receivable and payroll. Maintain and update internal controls and financial procedures which is to be documented and approved by the Board in order to protect the assets and revenue of the business. Manage relationship with financial institutions, regulatory bodies, and suppliers as required. Manage a small finance team of four staff. To be successful in this role you will: Have a relevant accounting qualification such as a CA or a CPA. Minimum 5-7  years of experience in a Financial Accountant role. Demonstrate experience in preparation of monthly reports Be able to work autonomously and take ownership of the finance function Work under pressure with competing priorities Possess strong technology skills and conversant in Microsoft Office (excel skills to be proficient)  Experience in a busy environment and knowledge of import documentation would be regarded. Have excellent business acumen and strong communication and interpersonal skills. Knowledge and experience of payroll procedures is required. The ideal candidate will have a strong work ethic and a positive attitude. Experience with SAGE ACCPAC or similar accounting system would be an advantage. Please send your application including cover letter and resume to : lou@madraslink.com.au 
 Payroll Officer job in Balgowlah $30-35ph + Super. Processing payroll for a global company. Start 17th April. Your new company This fantastic well-known company is well known for its top quality products. Located in Balgowlah, this position offers a dynamic and innovative work environment in a passionately run business. Due to annual leave, a Payroll Officer is needed to join the team for 2 days a week for 1-2 months. Your new role Reporting to the CFO, you will be responsible for processing 70 employees on the weekly and fortnightly payroll. You will be mainly involved in the processing and time and attendance. What you'll need to succeed Your previous experience in a similar role within payroll will lead to your success. You will be using the software programme ADP; experience with this programme is ESSENTIAL. You will also have experience in interpreting EBA's and awards. Your excellent communication and time management skills will ensure you thrive in this committed and enthusiastic team. What you'll get in return You'll be offered an hourly rate of $30-35ph + Super, working for a top of the range company. You'll receive support and the opportunity to work alongside ambitious like-minded individuals. You will be working for an innovative company, who understand the importance of first class customer service. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click ˜apply now' or for more information and a confidential discussion on this role or to find out about more opportunities in Accountancy Support contact Kitty French at Hays on 02 9411 8122 or email kitty.french@hays.com.au. 
An urgent temp assignment has become available for my Client in the eastern suburbs. You must be an experienced Accounts Receivable Officer that has dealt with high volume ledgers. You will be responsible for your own ledger and hold a confident phone manner. You must be immediately available to commence and hit the ground running. Duties: Debt collection of a set ledger Reconciliation of accounts Identify any disputes causing delayed payments Receipting of all payments Handle customer enquiries & disputes Raising credits & invoices where needed Ad-hoc tasks as required Skills & Experience Required: Recent experience with a high volume Credit/AR position Proficient user of MS Office Excellent written & verbal communications skills  Able to work well in a team Able to hit the ground running The Benefits: Immediate start Onsite parking Competitive hourly rate 
 SKYCITY Darwin is the ultimate entertainment destination in the Northern Territory. Boasting over 700 electronic gaming machines, more than 30 exciting table games, 4 restaurants, 5 bars. Darwin's only five star beachfront resort with 152 luxury rooms, VIP Super Villas with Gaming Suites, a Day Spa and a myriad of unique function, conference spaces. SKYCITY Darwin is seeking a Fulltime Finance Officer to join our Finance team to cover a 1yr maternity leave vacancy. The main goal of this position is to audit, process and maintain accurate and up-to-date Accounts Receivable & Hotel records and reports as well as financial and administrative support across the Finance Dept. *Your role will include *(but not limited to): To process all AR invoices and payments on a timely basis To follow up with overdue accounts and collection processes. To investigate & resolve hotel accounts queries. To process Credit Applications, create new and update current accounts. Process Gaming Revenue Audit. Complete general and Finance administration duties as requested and tasks assigned by management. Assist finance team with end of the month procedures to include General Ledger reconciliations, back up reports, general journal preparation and input of data. The successful applicant will have: Previous experience in a AR role; Certificate IV in Bookkeeping or similar, relevant qualifications; Ability to work weekends and past 5pm weekdays; Knowledge of basic accounting principles; Strong analytical and problem solving skills; Excellent data entry skills and acute eye for attention to detail; Excellent Customer Service; Proficient user of Microsoft Office including Excel; Prior knowledge of Opera and PeopleSoft would be highly regarded as would the use of Microsoft Dynamics. Please note: This position is subject to the approval of a Casino Operatives Licence, which involves a criminal and financial history check with an associated cost of approximately $350.00. If this role sounds like you APPLY NOW! 
 About the business Founded in 1987 and based in Carlton, DCA Advisors has been the accounting practice of choice for a wide variety of clients from individuals to large complex business structures.  We are constantly updating industry knowledge and that modern know-how is backed up with years of practical experience. We believe in developing long-standing and mutually rewarding relationships with our clients and take great pride in knowing each of our client's businesses intimately. We believe in keeping up to date with changes in technology impacting on the profession and use the most efficient cloud-based software systems and applications. About the role With regular contact with both clients and partners. The focus of the position will be: Preparation / review of BAS, IAS, GST for lodgment; Preparation of Individual, Partnership, Company and Trust taxation returns; Preparation of Company, Trust, and Partnership financial statements; Helping to identify, research and resolve all complex accounting issues; Understanding of CGT, FBT and Div 7A loan obligations; Compiling working papers and year-end accounts review by Partners; Attending client meetings and report to Partners with tax planning opportunities; Reviewing and assisting junior Accountants work; Skills and experience Skills and Qualifications: Accounting, Taxation, Research Skills, Analysing Information, Attention to Detail, Deadline-Oriented, Confidentiality, Thoroughness, Cloud-Based Financial Software. Bachelor's Degree in Accounting required 7+ years' experience in Public Practice Xero Advisor Certified Familiarity with Cloud-Based Business Solutions Experience with Xero Practice Manager and/or Karbon desirable but not essential Additional Knowledge and Skills Demonstrated experience and confidence in direct client contact - this confidence will extend to your written and verbal communication skills; Demonstrated willingness to take on challenges; Avoids legal challenges by complying with legal requirements. Protects organization's value by keeping information confidential. Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations. 
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us collect debts and lead the improvement of our debt recovery arrangements. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review An important part of our work is to investigate instances of serious and intentional misuse, misappropriation, and fraudulent obtaining of funds in relation to Health Provider access to Australian Government Health funding programs. We undertake investigations under Part IID of the Human Services (Medicare) Act 1973, referring matters to the Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions (CDPP) for criminal prosecution. Who are we looking for? Experienced investigators Experienced fraud analysts What will you do? As part of the Investigations Section, you will lead a team that: Conduct analysis of suspected fraud cases referred to the team; Conduct investigations into cases of fraud and fraud-related non-compliance for referral of cases to the CDPP, and Raise associated debt; prepare briefs of evidence for the CDPP undertaking search warrants as required. Executive Level 1 staff provide leadership and management of the PBID. Who are you? You will hold qualifications in Accountancy You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and experience in overseeing major operations, the preparation and execution of search warrants, records of interview, witness statements and briefs of evidence to the Public Prosecutor Office or; You have extensive experience in fraud and entity analysis. You can ensure all investigations are conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You will be able to assist in the development of policy and procedures for the conduct of investigations as required You are experienced in giving evidence in criminal and civil court You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will hold a Diploma in Government Investigations or equivalent, or ability to gain within 12 months. What you need to know Positions are based in Sydney, Melbourne or Canberra Office Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Negative Vetting Level 1 Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Our client is a local council North of the River, and they are currently looking for an experienced Senior Payroll Analyst to join their HR team. This position works as a liaison among stakeholders in order to identify, analyse, communicate and validate requirements for changes or requests to business processes, reporting and information system needs. To be considered for this role you must have; Extensive previous Payroll experience and/or tertiary qualifications Previous HR experience would be beneficial Skills and knowledge of business system analysis, methodologies, business process engineering Good working understanding of information technology systems, data quality, data modelling, data cleansing strategies Advanced knowledge of MS applications, Excel, Org Chart, Payroll and HR systems Experience in the use of Ascender (previously Alesco) is preferred SQL Report builder (not essential, but would be an advantage) Have strong data entry and keyboarding skills Be very well organised, efficient and able to work in a busy environment Highly developed written and verbal communication skills Stakeholder management experience Be flexible and able to work well as part of a team Be available for an ASAP start All candidates will be required to pass a pre employment medical and drug and alcohol at interview before commencement. To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Selena on 13 30 91 
 Test dont apply xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
Our Client, are an Australian owned company. Their Head Office is located in Perth CBD and is undergoing a major growth period. Due to an internal promotion and maternity leave they are seeking an AP/Payroll Officer to join the team on a 12-month full time contract. You will be hired on a full-time basis and report directly to the Finance Manager.  Duties: Accounts payable - process vendor invoices, vendor step up & complete a weekly payment run Processing of contractor invoices Process expense claims & credit card reconciliations Month end reconciliations Post month-end journals Fortnightly payroll - time-sheet entry, create new employees/calculate terminations, payment summaries & superannuation General ad-hoc duties Skills & Experience Required: Recent experience in a similar role of AP/Payroll Maintain a high level of confidentiality  Experience using PRONTO is essential Advanced working knowledge of MS Office Proven organisation & time management skills Professional & enthusiastic demeanor  Show initiative & willingness to learn The Benefits: Permanent position Varied role Central location   
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices. Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  Who are we looking for? People with extensive experience and leadership roles in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? You will lead a team in one of the Compliance Sections; Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts; Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program; You will influence and develop strategy, policies, priorities and practices relating to the health provider compliance program. Who are you? You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and extensive experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will be comfortable and experienced exercising a considerable degree of independence with decision making substantially dependent on your high level judgement What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Snowy Hydro has a world class reputation in engineering innovation and technical expertise. Snowy Hydro owns and operates a powerful combination of hydro, gas and diesel generation assets, including the 4100 megawatt Snowy Mountains Scheme. Snowy Hydro also provides clean, renewable energy to over one million residential and business  customers through their retail energy businesses. An opportunity has become available for a Manager Internal Audit to join our finance team on a twelve month fixed term contract. The high level purpose of the role is to  provide enterprise-wide coordination and enabling of the internal audit plan for the Snowy Hydro Group encompassing the Snowy Hydro Limited, Red Energy, Lumo Energy and Direct Connect businesses.  The role contributes significantly to the overall commercial resilience and performance of the Company. The role is based in Sydney, however travel to our sites and regions will be required. Reporting to the Group Head of Internal Audit, you will be responsible for: Developing and implementing internal audit plans to provide systematic, comprehensive, independent and objective opinions to the Board and to the Executive on the effectiveness and efficiency of process controls across the Snowy Hydro Limited, Red Energy, Lumo Energy and Direct Connect businesses   Manage a co-sourced arrangement with providers of internal audit services to ensure the Internal Audit Plan is delivered Planning, executing and reporting on a variety of internal audits that may cover financial, operational, regulatory and compliance aspects of the business Provide advice and value add services, as required, on aspects of internal control, governance and system implementation, to the business   To be successful in this role you will need: Appropriate tertiary qualifications, preferably within a business discipline, with ongoing professional development and/or industry experience.  CA, CPA, CIA is preferred Experience in managing supplier relationships, both from a commercial and people management level A thorough understanding of internal audit principles, methodologies and risk based auditing Solid business acumen coupled with ability to assess risks, issues and opportunities and apply to Business Unit functions and accountabilities Independent and constructive view Ability to manage projects, meet deadlines and juggle multiple demands Well rounded interpersonal skills to facilitate a good working relationship with senior management, business unit managers and their teams Versatile communication style with demonstrated ability to foster business relationships Negotiation and influencing skills Ability to work independently and apply innovative solutions Organisational skills, including proven ability to set work priorities, meet deadlines and demonstrated planning and project management skills Presentation, facilitation, and teaching skills If this sounds like you, then please apply by clicking on the apply now button on this site.     
 This is a full time contract position for someone with extensive Payroll and HR experience. It is located in the head office based in Stirling and reports to the Payroll Coordinator. Client Details Our client is well known Local Government body based North of the River. They are looking for a Senior Payroll/HR Analyst to join the team on a full time contract basis. Opportunities like this do not come up often! Apply now. Description As a Senior Payroll/HR Analyst, in this role you will be reporting to Payroll Coordinator. Your responsibilities will include: Undertake analysis of workforce information through the mining of data, internal research to support the workforce planning process. Preparing data driven recommendations and advice that will interface with workforce planning initiative and lead to improved people management practices. Up skilling the HR team and broader business to use the data and tools on offer to deliver a data driven service to the organisation, through tools such as web kiosk. Reporting on metrics and trends and prepare ad-hoc reports as necessary. Preparing monthly reports for the City and Council reporting requirements. Design data queries and perform analysis to identify workforce issues. Assist in establishing and defining workforce metrics to assist workforce planning. To assist with the ongoing development, implementation and maintenance of the HRIS, Web Kiosk, Org Plus and the HR SharePoint site. To create customised statistical reports utilising the HRIS; provide summary reports of pertinent information to managers and HR business unit to support responsibility for decision making. Provide relief support to the Payroll team as required. Profile The successful candidate is required to have an extensive and strong understanding of large payroll systems as well as the understanding of HR functions. Other criteria also includes: Minimum of 5+ years' experience Sound knowledge of HRIS Highly accurate and an analytical way of thinking Use of Ascender Pay (previously Alesco) an added advantage Job Offer Our client will be offering: A full time contract position located near public transport Start as soon as possible $40-$45 hourly rate To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Shannon M Beattie on +61 8 6430 6412. 
 Opportunity to create treasury function for large not-for-profit Make your mark and make a difference Our client is a well-known and respected not-for-profit provider of services for South Australians in need, offering a range of diverse programs across critical community centred areas.  An exciting, newly created opportunity has arisen for an experienced treasury professional to join this worthy organisation and establish a best practice in-house treasury function.  This is a unique opportunity to make your professional mark while making a genuine difference within our community. This important role will have responsibility for the effective management of cash requirements, cashflow planning, development funding, and optimisation of investment returns on short and long term cash holdings.  Additional responsibilities include managing the term deposit rollover schedule, building and maintaining key relationships with external investment managers and working collaboratively with internal stakeholders. The ideal candidate will be self motivated and demonstrate a proven understanding of general accounting principles.  Experience in a Corporate Treasury environment managing cash needs across a complex organisation, multiple entities and/or a regulated environment will be highly regarded. An analytical nature, high attention to detail, continuous improvement focus, positive attitude and collaborative approach are essential traits for success in this role. This is an influential, worthy and rare Adelaide based opportunity to join a high performing team with strong, social purpose.  Salary packaging benefits are available. A job and person specification is available upon request. Applications in Word format only should be addressed to Julie Brennan. Telephone enquiries are welcome and may be directed to Julie or Emily Taliangis on (08) 8100 8827.   
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices. Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  Who are we looking for? People with extensive experience and leadership roles in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? You will lead a team in one of the Compliance Sections; Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts; Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program; You will influence and develop strategy, policies, priorities and practices relating to the health provider compliance program. Who are you? You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and extensive experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will be comfortable and experienced exercising a considerable degree of independence with decision making substantially dependent on your high level judgement What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 An established civil construction business located in the inner Eastern suburbs of Melbourne is seeking an experienced and energetic Accounts Payable / Receptionist to join the business on a full-time basis. Key Responsibilities: Responsible for the Accounts Payable function “ ensure accurate and timely processing, maintain accurate records General Office Administration “ reception, mail, couriers, stationary ordering, uniform ordering and greeting visitors IT support to office staff Skills and Experience: 7+ years' experience in a similar role Strong organisational skills High level of IT proficiency Attention to detail and an ability to consistently meet deadlines Proficient in MYOB and MS Office Suite Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to multi-task and manage a high workload at peak times during the month If this position is of interest and you possess the desired skills and experience, Apply Now, by submitting your cover letter and resume. You must have the right to live and work in this location to apply for this job. 
 Are you commercially minded Finance Professional? If you're looking for a position where you can partner with operational business leaders to improve business unit performance, this is the right opportunity to take your career forward. Our organisation is heavily entrenched in an industry that has, and will continue to experience unrivalled growth.  In order to capitalise on our recent success, we are committed to securing the best Finance talent the market has to offer. Are you our newly appointed Senior Management Accountant? This is an exciting position that will allow you to draw on your strong Management Accounting skill set to provide timely and accurate reporting and analysis to key business units. We will look to you as a trusted business partner that can provide advice and add value to allow continuous growth across our organisation. In addition to the technical aspects of this role, we are looking for an individual who will contribute to the overall development of the team. You understand the value in team collaboration and maintaining clear aligned goals in order to keep progressing. Are you the right candidate? We are seeking a degree qualified CA/CPA with a minimum 5 years' experience working in a large complex environment. You are a commercially astute finance professional and feel confident partnering with people across multiple business areas. You have a growth mindset and demonstrated experience owning and contributing to process improvement initiatives. What you can expect when you join us “ A supportive leadership team that leads from the front and promotes a great culture Genuine career progression opportunities Generous remuneration package with access to additional benefits Flexible work environment that values diversity If you are ready for an exciting career move and feel you are up for the challenge, press APPLY!   
 Queensland Audit Office Range of clients and systems Specialist team Values based organisation   QAO's vision is for better public services for Queenslanders. Our specialist Information Systems Risk team collaborates with financial statement and performance auditors to deliver the audits of ICT environments for wide range of clients.   From your understanding of clients' ICT environments, you will assess ICT risks and evaluate controls in areas including ICT governance, ICT management and security, and systems development and implementation.   For success in the role, you have: sound knowledge of IS auditing good technical IT knowledge working knowledge of business processes drive to provide value to our clients clear communication and good report writing skills   Next steps¦ We are progressing quickly with this role, so apply now and let us know your interest.   Apply Now Click Apply for this job to send us your resume and a cover letter that tells us about your skills and experience for the role. For more information see the Auditor “ IS Risk (AO4) role description at QAO Careers.   You are also welcome to call Ms Mayus Nath, Director “ Information Systems Risk on (07) 3149 6062 for a confidential discussion about this opportunity.   Visit QAO Careers for more about us.     
This major ASX listed organisation is a household name and widely considered an employer of choice in a highly attractive sector of the market. As a result of the increased complexity of the business and the fast paced nature of their segment, they are looking for a highly analytical and strategic Commercial Manager. Reporting into the Head of Strategic Finance in this business unit, your key role is to provide financial and commercial analysis to produce actionable insights, due diligence, risk assessment an commercial insights to key business stakeholders. Specifically you will support the business with financial analysis and modelling to develop short and long term strategies, provide high quantitative and qualitative analysis to influence key decisions, engage with the business to assess business cases to deliver profitable growth. In addition you will be responsible for contributing to strategic finance projects. To be successful in this role you will have excellent academics, ideally post grad qualification along with strong analytical capability that can be translated into strategy and results. Outstanding presentation and communication skills will also be essential. Please contact Nigel Barcham on 02 9775 5901 for more information of apply via SEEK. 
 Company Background Our client is an instantly recognisable, successful retail business that continues to outperform its competition. Their brands are extremely well regarded within their sector and are found in most high streets and shopping centers around the country and beyond. On offer are bright, modern and buzzy offices with a work culture to match. A collaborative team environment and supportive senior management mean that employees are regularly given opportunities to develop their skillset.   The Role Your role as the Senior Payroller will report to a talented Financial Controller and will take full ownership of the payroll function. This role will be responsible for; End to end processing of weekly and fortnightly payroll, including new starters and terminations Processing of timesheets and data entry for the weekly payroll Updating and on-going maintenance of payroll and leave records Liaising with staff in relation to payroll related queries Interpreting awards / agreements and contracts in relation to rates, overtime and shift allowances Administration of superannuation requirements Reconciliation of payroll, superannuation and payroll tax Monthly reporting / journals and statutory returns for payroll tax, PAYG, superannuation and workers compensation Assisting with the completion of payroll related month end and year end processes Playing a significant role working on a project to upgrade the current payroll software   Your Background To be considered for this Senior Payroll position you will have: Prior experience in a similar end to end payroll position The ability to work independently to complete assigned tasks High attention to detail and take pride in accuracy Ability to meet stringent deadlines Experience with Micropay will be highly advantageous (not a prerequisite) It is essential that you are a confident communicator (both written and verbal)   If you are keen to find out more about this Senior Payroll position, please contact Kylie Bonafini at Richard Lloyd on 02 8324 2011, quoting reference 4156 or click on 'apply now' below. Please submit your CV in Word format and note that due to the high volume of responses we receive only suitable candidates will be contacted. 
 Melbourne School of Engineering Salary: Attractive base salary plus 17% superannuation About MSE Step into our world and discover an innovative Engineering School united by passion, excellence and collaboration. With a clear growth strategy and upward trajectory in place, we're bringing this to life by partnering with leading businesses, industries and the government. This gives us the confidence to explore new territories, push the boundaries, build state-of-the art campuses and lead our School down exciting paths. The Opportunity With the School rapidly growing in student enrolments, research activity and major initiatives in the pipeline, you will be partnering with the Executive Team and key stakeholders to develop business opportunities, reduce operational risk and provide current and predictive data with the aim of optimising performance in teaching, research and engagement activity. The Job In this very ˜hands on' role, you'll be responsible for a direct report and working as a high-level analyst to obtain briefings, provide analysis, share insights and offer solutions.  You will produce current & predictive data with the aim of improving MSE performance and deliver expert analysis on all aspects of planning and operations with a focus on strategy, benchmarking, performance and overseeing student load management. In this role, you will be: Driving impact of business decisions and flow on implications in relation to budgets Acting as a trusted advisor to provide sound advice and actively participate in planning strategic and operational activities across teaching, research and engagement projects Lead the delivery of project through overall scope, prioritisation and outcomes Perform analysis to draw pertinent insights from external and internal research, financial and market data, macroeconomic information, and other sources to develop a fact based current state lay-of-the land Contribute to the development of plans, including facilitating use of business metrics tools and datasets Provide updates on budget versus actual teaching revenue, conversion targets and work closely with key stakeholders to deliver these targets Undertake benchmarking activity with other universities and prepare performance reports and data collection Manage the risk management framework, including working with executives to review mitigation actions What you'll need: Ability to elicit, analyse and manage business requirements in line with strategies Advanced experience using Excel (including VBA) and analytical tools such as; Microsoft BI, Tableau, OBIEE and SPSS The capability to build relationships and credibility with cross functional stakeholders, including executive leaders Demonstrated ability to provide leadership and supervision in order to motivate, develop, empower and coach staff to achieve outcomes Proficiency in applying established technical and commercial principles A curious mind set with an aim of improving system effectiveness and efficiency Solid technical, analytical and problem-solving abilities considering holistic approach Relevant tertiary qualification; CPA is desirable but not essential So, why us? We're are one of the largest employers in Victoria and home to over 100 centres and institutes of research. We recognise the value of diversity & inclusion in the workplace and support a range of flexible work arrangements to promote a better-balanced lifestyle.  We offer you a dynamic workplace, one that values and leverages progressive ideas, capabilities and experiences and incredibly generous benefits. We believe all of this strengthens our ability to deliver on our business goals and for you to achieve your own ambitions.   How to Apply Your application should include a CV and Cover Letter briefly outlining your Top 3 responses to the selection criteria listed in the Position Description. Please note, you will need to upload your Cover Letter under the "Selection Criteria" attachment file section. While we take a look at your application, get to know us more by visiting our social media channels and website https://www.eng.unimelb.edu.au/ Close date: 29 Apr 2018 Position Description and Selection Criteria  0045470.pdf For information to assist you with compiling short statements to answer the selection criteria, please go to https://about.unimelb.edu.au/careers/selection-criteria 
 Swarh Permanent Full Time Become part of our passionate, committed and highly competent workforce Ongoing training and professional development in a supported team environment  Career exposure within Victoria's largest regional healthcare service About the facility  Barwon health is the major regional health provider for the Barwon South West region. It is Victoria's largest regional health service with one of the busiest hospitals in the state, University Hospital. We serve over 500,000 people through the efforts of over 6,500 staff and more than 1000 volunteers. The South West Alliance of Rural Health (SWARH) is a joint venture alliance of 15 health agencies in the South West region with Barwon Health acting as the lead agency.  SWARH provides ICT services to these agencies.   About the role  Barwon Health is seeking a self-motivated and experienced Management & Reporting Accountant to provide timely compilation of accurate financial reports, integrity of the SWARH general ledger and finance business partner services to the Warrnambool based organisation. This role is based in Warrnambool. About the culture You will have the opportunity to be part of a highly skilled, professional, friendly and dedicated team who take pride in providing high quality service. You will have support and guidance from fellow team members and management who exhibit our Barwon Health values, respect, compassion, commitment, accountability and innovation. Barwon Health staff benefits Flexible working arrangements Professional development Access to employee wellness facility Salary packaging Social club Be our future Barwon Health Strategic Plan Aboriginal Employment Plan Our Commitment to Child Safety At Barwon Health we celebrate and harness diversity, and consider it a competitive advantage. We encourage applications from all diverse backgrounds and Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders are encouraged to apply. Our organisation promotes the safety, wellbeing and inclusion of all our consumers including children and appropriate rigorous reference and background checks will be undertaken. Barwon Health is proud to be Totally Smoke Free. Recruitment agencies should note that Barwon Health does not accept agency resumes. Barwon Health is not responsible for any fees related to any unsolicited resumes submitted by Recruitment Agencies. Enquiries: Michaela Welby Ph: (03) 4215 2438 Applications Close: 04/05/2018 To view the position description or submit your application please click the 'Apply Now' button below. 
 Global brand looking for a experienced Finance Manager to oversee a team of 4 in a broad role. Work closely with operations and senior stakeholders to improve business performance. Client Details Our client is a internationally recognised brand with a reputation for providing great careers. They have recently experienced healthy growth in off-shore sales and are looking to expand further in this area. Description Reporting directly to the Group Financial Controller this role will require you to; - Manage a team of 4 on daily finance responsibilities - Oversee monthly reporting requirements - Act as main point of contact for external audit process - Manage the quarterly forecasting process - Work closely with operations to manage the annual budgeting process Profile - CA or CPA qualification will be a must - Excellent communication skills - Ability to manage tight deadlines - Desire to develop staff within team Job Offer - Clear career progression pathway - Great modern office environment - Potential trips to overseas operations - Emphasis on work life balance To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Jake Densley on +61 3 9607 5629 
 FIRM This well established public practice firm is well respected in the industry for providing expert advice to their loyal and growing client base. This firm is undergoing a period of expansion and regarded as one of the leading firms on the Sunshine Coast providing both taxation and advisory services. Led by an two experienced Directors, this firm boasts extremely low staff turnover, a friendly culture and excellent systems/processes. POSITION Due to growth, the position of Senior Business Services Manager has become available. This position will require the successful candidate to manage a team of motivated accountants, maintain a portfolio of clients and identify new business opportunities. CANDIDATE The successful candidate will demonstrate the following: 10+ years experience in Australian Public Practice CA/CPA Previous management experience Strong understanding of Australian Tax Exceptional communication and presentation skills The successful candidate will be rewarded with a competitive remuneration package that reflects their skills and experiences. You will work in a friendly and positive environment and be given the opportunity to work autonomously. If this is the opportunity you have been waiting for an opportunity to work closer to home and to avoid the CBD commute for career progression, contact Desha Joseph on 0439 775 709 for a confidential discussion. If you have the above criteria apply below, or phone Desha Joseph 0439 775 709 or email for more information. You can also join our Facebook page to be kept updated with all other opportunities currently available.http://www.facebook.com/pages/ROC-Consulting-Group/229597947063513 or visit our website at www.rocconsulting.com.au 
 A leading investment administrator are looking to bring on a strong fund accountant who would like to engage with a fast-moving and intellectually challenging environment that offers significant career progression within its large finance team. By combining top level technology with high levels of client interaction they offer their clients exceptional service. This role involves doing key financial reporting tasks across some of their large, well known funds. This role includes many tasks such as: Managing client relationships with private equity funds Performing BAS and IAS calculations Preparing and reviewing unit prices for funds Reviewing BAS Financial reporting for private equity funds and investment funds Liasing with the Accounts Managers   The successful candidate will likely have: 3-5 years' experience in either a fund accounting or a Chartered Business Services role Previous experience preparing and reviewing unit prices Financial reporting experience CA / CPA Qualified A very motivated personality and the ability to demonstrate initiative 
 Audit Senior Are you tired of working 50 hours a week and feeling lost in the large city based accounting practice. At LDB we have a caring culture and value work life balance. All of this exists without compromising individual career ambitions. We are a mid-sized firm operating in Blackburn with a successful and growing Audit division. The firm has been expanding steadily since inception 31 years ago. This growth and future succession provide real development opportunities for our employees all the way to Partner and Director level. In the advertised role you will undertake a full range of audit tasks including planning, testing, reviewing and reporting and performing a leadership role in your allocated client engagements where you will be responsible for training and reviewing the work of junior staff on each engagement. The Benefits : Annual salary review and performance based bonus structure Full induction program and regular internal and external training sessions Additional benefits include ; lunch provided in office everyday income protection insurance professional fees paid other benefits The Candidate : Minimum 3 years Australian Audit experience CA/CPA Qualified Excellent written and verbal communications skills required Be an Australian citizen/resident Your application must include a cover letter and resume please. No recruitment companies thank you. 
 An exciting opportunity has arisen for an experienced Credit Controller Officer to join their Finance team. The ideal candidate will have a can do approach and join their welcoming team on a permanent basis. Client Details Our client is a leading force within the Manufacturing industry and have established themselves in the market over a long period. With over 150 employees they offer a supportive and enjoyable environment and have on-site parking available. They are looking for a driven Credit Controller with strong negotiation skills and the ability to work independently to join the team. Description This Credit Controller position will play an important role in the overall financial performance of the organisation. Reporting to the Accounts Receivable Manager, your role will include but will not be limited to the following: Providing excellent customer service Debt Collections Establishing payment plans with clients Allocation, invoicing and receipting Reconciling accounts Liaising with internal and external stakeholders. Profile The successful candidate will have previously worked in an autonomous Credit Controller position and have an analytical mind set to help improve business processes. Demonstration of strong communication skills to liaise with internal and external stakeholders is necessary. They will also possess a positive attitude and proactive approach to their key responsibilities. Experience using a large ERP system is advantageous and intermediate MS Excel skills is required. Job Offer Permanent position Eastern suburbs Salary is $60,000 + superannuation To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Jessey Visakan on 03 8616 6231. 
 The Company A well-established FMCG company based in Tullamarine, is looking to appoint an experienced Accounts Receivable Officer to their close-knit team. With a sound customer base of small businesses right through to major retailers Australia-wide, this organisation is seeking to upskill their capabilities to meet market demands. The Role Reporting to the Accounts Receivable Manager, and working in a team of 4 Accounts Receivable Officers, your responsibilities will include the following: Outbound collections calls (40% of the role) High volume processing of credit notes Allocation of payments Set-up and monitoring of new and existing customers Processing collections for banking Liaison with Sales Reps and Customer Service The Person We are looking for someone who is seeking a challenge, likes to be kept busy and who enjoys working as part of a team. You will have a strong understanding of the Accounts Receivable function, having worked previously in end to end positions. You will possess excellent communication skills, and not be afraid to get on the phones! Using your initiative, you will be able to pick things up quickly and work towards strict deadlines. To apply online please click on the apply link and send your resume in WORD format. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion please contact Jessica McMahon on 03 9948 9499. Please visit www.veritasrecruitment.com.au to view more jobs. (SK98321A) (SK98322A) 
   The Company¦..   This innovative organisation have an excellent reputation globally and are known across the industrial, hospitality, healthcare and oil & gas sectors for their high level products and their ability to assist organizations in cutting costs through the implementation of efficient systems.  Initially this organisation started in The States over 90 years ago and since have developed their reach internationally. They are a multibillion dollar organisation who are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. This company doesn't slow down!  They have future growth plans ensuring endless opportunities for their staff.   The Benefits¦.   Extremely flexible with work hours Varied role combing Accounts Payable with Expense Analysis Relaxed, professional and friendly working environment Minutes' walk from Macquarie Park train station Approachable and supportive Management and team   The Job¦..   Reporting through to the Accounts Payable Manager, you will be responsible for the following duties:   Reviewing staff expenses and claims and ensuring they are within the organizational guidelines Liaising with Management to approve claims Check and verify receipts Assist on the road sales staff with processing claims and reimbursements Expense reporting via Excel Assist the Account Payable team with end to end processing of payments   You¦.   To be successful in this role, you must have experience in the following areas:   Ideally you will have 6-12 months experience within the accounts space OR You are a recent graduate looking to kick start your career within the accounting field Experienced in using SAP, Concur or JD Edwards is a distinct advantage, however, the successful candidate will be trained in all systems Strong written & verbal communication skills essential     How to apply¦..   Looking to make the move to a global, stable and growing organisation?  Then be quick to apply!  Send your application to bscott@sbrecuritment.com or call Belle on 02 9002 5000 for a confidential conversation.   
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices. Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  Who are we looking for? People with extensive experience and leadership roles in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? You will lead a team in one of the Compliance Sections; Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts; Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program; You will influence and develop strategy, policies, priorities and practices relating to the health provider compliance program. Who are you? You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and extensive experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will be comfortable and experienced exercising a considerable degree of independence with decision making substantially dependent on your high level judgement What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
A permanent opportunity has arisen to work for this fast-paced media organisation, based in the Sydney CBD.  As the Collections Officer, you will report to the Credit Manager and take ownership over a portion of the debtors ledger. The role will heavily focus on reducing aged debt and managing customer accounts. Your responsibilities will include (however not be limited to); Collection calls, focusing on debt reduction Reconciliation of  accounts Review and manage customer credit limits Process refunds where necessary Adhoc analysis/tasks as required You'll be a tenacious, but customer-focussed, collections/AR professional able to get results whilst also adopting a strategic approach to the collection of monies. Your relationship management skills will be second to none.  You will have prior experience in a business-to-business Collections position, specifically within a medium to large organisation. Your communication skills will be outstanding - both written and verbal - and you will enjoy working as part of a team.  If this sounds like the right move for you, please hit the 'Apply' button below. 
 Do work that matters As a Learning Specialist you will train and develop staff in the department so they can perform their Fund and Investment Accounting duties in a consistent, accurate and professional manner.  This includes identifying development needs, designing and preparing detailed learning materials, conducting training, assessing knowledge and other adhoc tasks. See yourself in our team Your team sits within the Fund Accounting area and services both this department as well as the Investment Accounting team (in Fund Operations). These departments are responsible for the Unit Pricing, Reconciliations, BAS lodgements and other accounting functions relating to many Funds and Options. On any given week you will Develop and design technical, fund/investment accounting related training materials Maintain and update existing training material to reflect business and industry changes Design and run training related to projects and continuous improvement initiatives that impact the business Conduct and facilitate engaging and interactive training. This could be one to one or in small/large groups Provide advice and tailor training taking into account needs of learners and requirements from senior staff or key stakeholders Report, collate and review feedback from customers and stakeholders In all aspects of training, incorporates risk and control fundamentals related to the topic Develop and maintain relationships with staff at all levels throughout the business (including SME's and Department EGM's) ensuring key business partners receive a high level of service Ensure all deadlines are met and quality work is produced We're interested in hearing from people who Experience in an accounting role Solid public speaking and presentation skills Strong verbal and written communication Able to manage risk effectively in their role as well as  by incorporating it into learning content for learners Self-Starter and has a proactive attitude (for example, must be able to do own research to develop learning material) While not essential, a university qualification in a finance related discipline will be highly regarded. At CommBank, we're committed to building a diverse and inclusive workforce reflecting the customers, businesses and communities we serve. As a value's driven organisation, we nurture and support our people; through focussing on skill and talent development, collaboration, flexibility and internal promotion. With service in mind at every touch point, we take accountability for the role we play in securing and enhancing the financial wellbeing of people, businesses and communities. At CommBank you can be you. 
 This is a fantastic Senior Management Accountant opportunity within a large, complex and globally renowned consulting business in the heart of Sydney's CBD. The person going into this role will get vast amounts of exposure to well-polished senior stakeholders and will provide input into strategic decisions. This business genuinely supports flexible working approaches and individual career progression. The core elements of the role include, but are not limited to:- Partnering with the business across functions Providing commercially focused business and performance advice to key stakeholders Budgeting and forecasting Variance analysis Ad hoc tasks to support the business, including identifying areas for improvement Who you are: Very strong communicator, who thrives on interacting with stakeholders across all seniority levels and functions Agile and quick to adapt to new situations, systems and processes Advanced Excel skills Degree qualified (business, accounting or finance) CA/CPA/CIMA qualified 5+ years' management accounting experience, including budgeting & forecasting Next steps Initial conversations will ideally take place week commencing 16th April with client interviews to follow shortly after. If this sounds like the perfect opportunity for you to explore further, please APPLY NOW. 
 SECUREcorp is a successful, progressive and award winning organisation delivering services within the Electronics, Security, Cleaning and Integrated Services arenas. Operating nationally, SECUREcorp employs over 3000 professionals across the country within retail, corporate, educational environments and more. Recognised nationally for their excellence in service provision, SECUREcorp are widely viewed as a national employer of choice. Due to company success and growth, our busy Commercial team are currently seeking an experienced Commercial Manager on a Full Time basis to work out our National Head Office in Mulgrave. The successful applicant will take a proactive and essential leadership role in our high performing team. Reporting to the Finance Manager, the successful applicant will be required to: Manage the commercial team, your proven experience in other similar roles will be highly regarded Liaise with our high profile clientele to ensure the commercial requirements of the contracts are being fulfilled Ensure State General Managers, State Operations Managers and Business Managers understand and comply with commercial requirements of contracts with customers and vendors as per policies, procedures and guidelines. Attend internal contract preview and review to ensure that requirements of new tenders are being met in a manner which is consistent with the strategy of the business. Liaise with all relevant stakeholders including finance and operational teams to prepare, review and report business performance Assist the finance team with the preparation of financial results and accounting functions Complete analysis with State General and State Operations Manager of P&L and Balance Sheet Gather data through file research and discussion with tenders/sales/operations/HR departments to accurately record and analyse management accounts. Prepare and distribute Business Unit management reporting information including labour analysis, key financial metrics as determined Prepare and distribute cost saving and efficiency initiatives Preparation and review of yearly budgets including P&L, operational, pipeline, overheads and capex Maintain a rolling forecast for business unit Preparation of work papers for internal and external audit functions Assist the Accounts team in the collection of monies due to the business unit Coordinate and/or working on special projects as assigned by the State General Manager, Finance Manager or the Finance Director. You will have experience and qualifications in the following field: Bachelor Degree or equivalent in Commerce, Accounting, Business, other associated disciplines or 2 years minimum relevant industry experience Demonstrated ability to develop strategic concepts and produce high quality artefacts to support the ideas and thought process A clear understanding of the commercial and legal limitations of our organisation and our customers Very strong business analysis skills A valid driver's licence in accordance with the statutory requirements applicable for the class(as) of vehicle the performance of the role  Please submit a cover letter outlining your relevant skills and experience along with a current resume. Click APPLY NOW 
ABOUT THE CLIENT AND ROLE Our client is a medium-sized PE-backed company that has shown consistently strong growth over the last 2-3 years. This trend is set to continue, seeing the need for an experienced Payroll Manager with elite stakeholder management and systems skills for a 3 - 6 Month Contract. DUTIES Documenting, training and managing payroll processes; Focusing on workforce integration; Combining T&A systems from newly-acquired branch of the company; Combining payroll systems from newly-acquired branch of the company; Transitioning of state teams into Melbourne head office. SKILLS & EXPERTISE Strong technical payroll background and proven integration experience; 5+ years experience in an end-to-end payroll position for a medium to large organisation; Experience in preparation and processing of payroll in accordance with various awards, enterprise agreements, industrial instruments and variations to contract; Intermediate to advanced MS Excel skills; Well developed interpersonal communication skills, interacting positively with a wide range of people from diverse backgrounds; Be a strong team player and demonstrate a willingness to get involved and continuously improve yourself and your working environment. BENEFITS Great avenue for career growth within booming organisation Brand new office space HOW TO APPLY Click the APPLY button and attach your resume and cover letter. Please be advised our screening process will take approximately 3 to 5 business days from the date this ad was posted. From here, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. 
 Growing company | Career progression opportunities Friendly team environment | Wellness program Blackburn location “ work close to home! About Nationwide Towing & Transport Working for Nationwide Towing & Transport means being part of an industry leader and award-winning, privately owned business that has grown in size to be the largest towing and transport operator in Australia. Our scale takes many by surprise with a workforce of over 500 representatives and a fleet of over 250 vehicles operating nationally. Each year, we provide over 350,000 towing and transport solutions across Australia for all types of vehicles, a wide range of plant and equipment, unique items and other specialty services such as salvage, clearways, storage and auctions.   The role An exciting opportunity for an enthusiastic Assistant Accountant to join our fast paced Accounts team located in Blackburn. Reporting to the General Manager of Finance, you will be responsible for an array of duties within this active and rewarding role. Additionally, we offer a friendly team environment, induction and training, a wellness program and opportunities for career progression. We encourage, support and nurture initiative.   Duties Process Owner Driver payments Manage Owner Driver financing Bank reconciliation Sales invoices reconciliation Preparing customer invoicing Adhoc duties and projects as required   Skills & experience 1-2 years' experience in an Accounting or Accounts Payable role An undergraduate degree in Accounting Advanced Microsoft Excel skills (including Pivot tables, V-Lookups, SumIf) Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to multitask & problem solve Strong attention to detail and a keen eye for error Ability to work both autonomously and within a team environment Advantageous but not essential: Previous experience with Microsoft Dynamics   How to apply Click APPLY and send your resume and cover letter or contact Jaimi from the HR Department on (03) 9875 6073 for a confidential discussion. Successful candidates will be required to undergo a police check and pre-employment medical. Nationwide Towing & Transport is a smoke free workplace. No recruitment agencies please. 
The Position Sharp & Carter has been engaged to source a high-calibre and technically strong Financial Accountant for a long term contract engagement.  Reporting directly to the Head of Finance, this role will require you to be a key member of the finance function whilst taking responsibility of the following tasks. Own the month end close process for overseas entities Prepare monthly P&L, Balance Sheet Reports and reconciliations, including commentaries and variance analysis Liaising with third party accounting providers overseas for timely delivery of month-end Processing monthly New Zealand payroll payments, journals and tax returns Own monthly group consolidation entries for overseas entities Group Reporting - Prepare balance sheet reconciliations for the Australian legal entities Support the preparation of tax returns for Australia and New Zealand Support the preparation of the annual R&D tax incentive claim Prepare and submit GST returns for Australian and New Zealand Calculate and prepare monthly/quarterly transfer pricing invoices Prepare intercompany commercial invoices in accordance with transfer pricing policy Process intercompany invoices in SAP and appropriate consolidation elimination journals Maintain visibility over all bank accounts and cash on hand balances Support the annual audit process Support the Budget and Strategic Plan development process Support development of internal controls and processes Ad hoc projects and duties specified by the Head of Finance Skills & Experience  To be successful in this role you will be CA/CPA qualified (or currently completing), with excellent technical accounting skills and have experience from a large and complex commercial organisation, or chartered accounting environment with international reporting requirements.  Your interpersonal and communication skills will need to be first class, allowing you to gain the confidence of key internal and external stakeholders, and develop strong professional relationships with those both above and below you.  The Organisation Our client is the market leader in their field and they design, develop, manufacture and tests all its own products, which are sold globally.  They are a large privately owned Australian organisation that also has a long tradition innovation and delivery of projects around the world.  To Apply  To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Jonathon Prince. 
 Global Market Leader Challenging and rewarding role Great Company culture Ardex Australia is part of the worldwide Ardex Group of Companies with the head office in Germany and currently operating in 59 countries. Ardex Australia is recognised as the industry leader in the development and manufacture of specialty construction chemical products which include adhesives, leveling compounds, waterproof membranes and installation products used by trade and building professionals for substrate preparation, resilient flooring, waterproofing, ceramic tile/stone installation and concrete/facade repair. Reporting to the Credit Controller, we are seeking a highly enthusiastic and self-motivated Accounts Receivable Officer to join our team based at Seven Hills. You will work with the Credit Controller to assist with all aspects of the Accounts Receivable function in a face paced high volume environment. To be considered for this position you will have accounts receivable experience and qualifications. You have excellent attention to detail, numerical and strong communication skills with a professional phone manner. With a very high personal drive you are willing to learn and grow with the Company. Intermediate to advanced level of excel and experience with SAP is desirable. At Ardex, we aim to recruit, develop and retain our employees. This is a long-term position and will suit someone with strong work ethics and a desire for progress and grow with the company. Applications close Friday 27 April 2018. 
 Credit and collections officer   North Sydney $50,000-$55,000 + super + commission Part-time or full-time hours available!   Next Business Energy is business to business energy retailer located in North Sydney. We are Looking for someone to join our fast-growing team working as a credit and collections officer.   Working within a small team your responsibilities will include: Outbound Collections of arrears on commercial accounts Account reconciliations Handling customer enquiries liaising with other departments to resolve difficult issues Taking payments and setting up payment arrangements Ad Hoc credit and finance duties you will need to display strong communication skills. In addition, you will need to have: Commercial collections experience Strong attention to detail Microsoft Excel skills Skip tracing skills Experience in the energy industry is preferred but not essential, University students welcome.   To be a part of a growing business in an exciting industry please forward your resume to:  jonathan@nextbusinessenergy.com.au 
 Join this dedicated and fun team who support our business to process their accounts receivable and achieve profit targets.  The Accounts Receivable (AR) Officer is responsible for the maintenance of the Alsco billing system and the collection of debtors to support the sustained profitability of the Alsco business. Additionally, you will be responsible for providing support to the customer service team by taking customer service calls as needed.     Reporting to the Administration Manager, the AR Officer is primarily responsible for: Maximising cash flow through effective collection procedures; Outbound collection calls / emails Review and recommend action for accounts trading outside credit terms; Accurate allocation of all cheques / cash, credit card, BPay and direct deposits Account reconciliation to determine payments; Follow up and coordinate the resolution of any unprocessed credits & unpaid invoices; Daily banking and processing of all debtor receipts, credit card payments/EFT Provide additional office support as required in data processing  Processing intercompany transfers; and Customer service and dispute resolution   To be successful in this role you will need the following key skills & experience Certificate / TAFE qualifications in bookkeeping / accounting or other related business administration or equivalent business experience Exceptional customer service skills High level of attention to detail with a passion for completing quality work to the right standard every time Intermediate to advanced MS Office skills including Excel and Outlook Ability to read and understand financial information and easily identify in the numbers where the problem is and know how to solve it Proven experience in successfully reducing and maintaining a low aged debtor's portfolio with the ledger under management Your enthusiasm and proactive nature will be rewarded with a competitive salary, job security and career development opportunities. To apply for this position please apply via seek. If interested in this role, please apply by using the Seek Apply here button   N.B. The ALSCO recruitment process includes reference checking and a pre-employment medical Examination with drug screening. 
We are currently working with a well-respected and growing client who is a leading Australian Automotive and Service Industry organisation, to find the next lucky member of their team. A great opportunity to grow your career! This fantastic, permanent opportunity will see you join the Payroll Department, and will have responsibilities and duties including but not limited to the following “ Accurately processing payroll information Manage the preparation of employment contracts and coordinate their return Ensuring all information is kept secure and confidential Processing, increasing and undertaking the calculation of backpays Manage any reporting that is required, as directed Liaising with various internal and external stakeholders Undertaking administrative duties that will support the Department This rare opportunity will require you to have the following “ SAP is highly regarded, but NOT essential  Strong Business Administration experience High attention to detail and high accuracy data entry Excellent time management skills Intermediate level MS Office Suite Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal 
 East End Slabs is a family owned and operated company which has been operating for the past 30 years in the South Eastern suburbs of Melbourne. Specialising in residential waffle pod slabs for the areas most respected builders, we have built a reputation in the industry for the high quality and service provided. We are currently looking for an Accounts Assistant  to join our team. The role would be 25-30 hours per week and we are open to a mum wanting to work school hours.  Duties & responsibilities Data entry using Reckon Accounts Hosted (Quickbooks) Invoicing Resolution of recharges / requests for credit Reconciling of creditors Skills & experience Knowledge of Reckon Accounts Hosted (Quickbooks) Previous experience in a similar accounts role Ability to resolve and problem solve effectively Have great attention to detail and be able follow up outstanding issues  Benefits & Culture Work close to home Flexible working hours to suit your lifestyle Positive team environment, where support is available If you are a good communicator, have the ability to problem solve effectively and prioritise/manage your time effectively please send your cover letter and resume to jade@slabs.com.au 
 Girraween Bidfood is Australia's leading foodservice distributor, with a network of branches across the country. We currently have a great career advancement opportunity to join our FMCG team in credit control at our Accounts Receivable Shared Service Centre based in Girraween.  The right candidate will be results driven, self-motivated and obviously confident in handling what can be a delicate subject with some customers. The role will be responsible for the collections on active accounts, and will require an experienced professional to achieve individual and team KPI's in customer account management. Own transport is required. Key responsibilities include: Reduction of outstanding debtors on a timely basis whilst maintaining our customer relationships. Communicate effectively with both internal and external stakeholders High volume phone collections Enforcing internal policies relating to the credit hold process Weekly/Ad Hoc reporting as required The successful candidate will need to be able to demonstrate: Superior written and verbal communication skills, well supported by an engaging, professional, manner. Excellent MS Office Suite proficiency with emphasis on Excel Minimum 3 years proven FMCG collections experience High attention to detail with superior numeracy Ability to effectively work within a team environment Have a results motivated, tenacious attitude Previous food industry experience preferred, but not essential A competitive and rewarding salary package will be offered to the successful candidate. Generous benefits include on-site parking. If you are ambitious, and would like to join a dynamic and experienced team, then please submit your resume in strict confidence by clicking on the "Apply Now"  button.     AGENCY ASSISTANCE NOT REQUIRED Please note only short listed candidates will be 
 The Northern NSW Westpac Rescue Helicopter Service is a not-for-profit organisation providing world class aeromedical, search and rescue services, free of charge to those in need 24/7. The Service has more than 40 years of proud history, and now operates from three bases in NSW (Tamworth, Belmont, Lismore) in addition to a Head Office and aircraft maintenance facility based in Broadmeadow NSW. The Finance Department is looking for a motivated and experienced individual to join their team, based in Newcastle, as a part-time Finance Assistant (20 - 22.8 hours per week). The hours could be spread over a number of days making this role one with flexibility. The successful applicant will support the team in a range of finance administrative tasks. The position will involve, but will not be limited to: Processing banking data into the CRM database including wage deductions, donations and event income; Accounts payable invoicing (SAP) and accounts receivable invoicing (Xpect); Assisting with monthly credit card reconciliations; Maintaining relevant database, including data entry Assisting Reception with phone back up as required; and Providing support to members of the Finance Department as required. The successful applicant will be joining an experienced and close knit team in a leading and well known community organisation. To join this high performing team it is essential you have the following: Ability to work well in a small team environment; Experience with accounting and banking related processes; Experience processing data entry and using database software; Proficient experience with Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Word; ˜Can-do' and supportive attitude; Strong attention to detail; and Willingness to adhere to all company Policies, Procedures and legislative compliances. Our client is seeking a reliable, focused and team-orientated individual who is committed to quality. The successful applicant will have a high level of initiative and awareness of workplace safety, and be willing to work to meet the needs of the organisation. If this role fits your skills and work experience, click apply below. Applications close COB 27th April 2018. If you would like to ask a question prior to applying, please email sallyb@peoplefusion.com.au with the subject Finance Assistant Due to operational demands calls and emails cannot be accepted at the WRHS Base. 
 The Firm This 3 partner boutique accounting firm in the Southern Shires will provide you with challenging work, training and a friendly environment where you will excel. The company specializes in Business Services, Tax and SMSF with a focus on small SME clients. They have clients in retail, childcare, wholesale, medical and other small SMEs.  All accountants will gain exposure to SMSF funds. About the Role  The opportunity available is for an intermediate accountant with business services and tax experience, to join the team. You will work alongside a team of accountants providing high-end work to small SME clients. From day one you will have exposure to all clients and be encouraged to interact with them. There will be full mentoring to help you alongside your CA studies and any additional onsite training will be provided. The individual will also gain exposure into audit. Incentives Full CA study support Paperless environment and modern technology Progression to Senior Accountant level Friendly environment where everyone feels part of the team  Excellent work/life balance Study and training 12 month personal development plan About you  In order to be successful in this role, you will need to have: 1 + years experience in a local chartered firm CA/CPA enrolled/part completed Excellent verbal and written communication skills Keen eye for detail and willingness to learn Solid business services/tax background This is a unique opportunity to join a forward thinking team of accountants. You will be encouraged to grow at your own pace and will receive regular mentoring and training.  They are offering a competitive salary of up to $80k depending on experience.  How to apply To apply, please send your CV to sfisher@walkerandersen.com or contact Samantha Fisher on 02 8256 5020 to discuss the position or the current market in more detail. We treat every application with the utmost confidentiality. To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below.  
 Ascender is the leading payroll and learning outsourcing provider in the Asia-Pacific and Middle East region. We believe we don't just pay people; we enrich their lives and help them build prosperity. At Ascender you'll find a fast paced, real time atmosphere.  As we evolve in the business we are working on creating a unique working experience of both innovative, go-getter spirit, and expert seasoned specialists. The Role Due to new business wins we are seeking experienced and dynamic Payroll Officers to join one of our outsourced teams.  This team works on one of our leading payroll products, Ascender Pay.  The outsourced environment provides opportunities to provide payroll services to multiple clients offering diversity and learning opportunities that can't be found in in-house payroll roles.  As a part of a larger company there are multiple career options from learning different payroll and HR systems, growing into a team lead or subject matter expert or even moving into consulting or sales; the possibilities are endless. Key responsibilities of this role are: ·  Providing accurate and timely end-to-end payroll services ·  Customer service ·  Working on integrated HR/payroll solutions ·  General Ledger and superannuation reconciliation   We are looking for payroll professionals that want more than a normal payroll position offers.   To be successful you will need: ·  End-to-end payroll processing experience essential ·  Exposure to Australia and New Zealand legislation will be highly regarded ·  Proficient in the operation of medium to large payroll systems ·  Well-developed analytical and conceptual skills ·  Experience in Ascender Pay ideal but not essential ·  Excellent communication skills ·  Intermediate Excel skills   This position is vacant due to an internal promotion demonstrating the opportunities and growth an outsourced environment provides.  If you are looking for the next step in your payroll career, please apply now. 
 Work with Australia's #1 online Tax Agent “ providing convenience and great online tax services to clients Join our vibrant and successful team of Tax Reviewers and Registered Tax Agents. A great way to earn an additional income, with the ability to determine your own workload and working hours operating within the comfort of your own home. This is a short-term contract for the upcoming tax season only. Our client base consists of: Individual tax payers Small and Medium size Enterprise Our online systems help you to efficiently review client tax returns prior to lodgement. System training is provided to help you in the process. Responsibilities include: Reviewing client tax returns Requesting further information or documents from clients where required Advising when tax refunds can be improved Adhering to TPB, ATO and in-house guidelines Lodging compliant and honest returns Responding professionally to all correspondence (both internal and external) Skills include: 2-3 years' current Australian Individual Tax Return experience Current experience lodging and reviewing individual and business tax returns Excellent written communication skills Able to work efficiently and independently Role Requirements:    Reliable computer and high speed internet Able to respond promptly to correspondence within a 24 hour time-frame Please note: Due to a large volume of returns at our practice, you must be available from the beginning of June to the middle of August. Training commences early June, in preparation for work starting July 1st. If this position sounds right for you, we want to hear from you! Please copy and paste the URL below into your preferred browser to apply. https://etax.peoplehr.net/Pages/JobBoard/Opening.aspx?v=5674b4fd-2ad2-4433-96df-2b37ae9f1699 Any other enquiries please contact Human Resources on (07) 3457 5193. 
 This leading Multinational has enjoyed continuous growth and has a reputation in the market as a true industry leader. This is a fantastic opportunity to join an established team and will provide the successful applicant with excellent scope to the role, longevity and a clearly defined career path.   Reporting to the Commercial Director, and partnering with multiple non-finance stakeholders across this business, this role will be key in supporting the technology portfolio. The roles focus will look at strategy, deals, supplier negotiations and revenue sources.  Managing and mentoring a team you will own the financial performance of the portfolio. You will oversee business modelling and the development of business cases. You will provide important planning and analysis insights, take ownership of budgets and forecasts, and drive successful commercial outcomes across the business unit.    The successful candidate will hold professional qualifications (CPA/CA/CIMA), display strong commercial acumen, be able to display initiative and challenge the status quo.  This is a true business partnering opportunity so amazing communication and engagement skills are essential. Please apply below for further information 
 3 month contract with a reputable company in the financial services industry. Your new company A 3 month contract with the potential to go permanent within a reputable wealth management organisation in the heart of Sydney CBD. Your new role Reporting into the senior accountant you will be responsible for: Preparation of daily unit prices Preparation of super fund financial statements Involvement in Ad hoc projects Responsible for ledger integrity maintenance What you'll need to succeed Basic accounting and tax knowledge Good communication skills Knowledge of the funds management industry A degree qualification What you'll get in return A chance to gain experience working for a large financial organisation. You will receive a competitive hourly rate and training. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to Graeme.Charlton@hays.com.au If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Immediate Start Role - Fast Paced Automotive Business - Neller Preceda System. Your new company This well recognised automotive business located in Melbourne is seeking a professional and highly motivated Payroll Officer to help assist their expanding for a short term assignment with possible extensions. Your new role End to End Payroll Function (Neller Preceda System) Processing new starters and terminations and calculating allowances Calculation and payment of super, PAYG and payroll tax. Processing Month End Duties Other adhoc HR Duties What you'll need to succeed Experience in a Payroll Position Neller Preceda System Service Industry Experience Strong Communication Skills Intermediate Excel Skills Hardworking and Strong Work Ethic What you'll get in return This growing company offers excellent working conditions, convenient location to public transport, competitive salary and a supportive team environment. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now 9804 5313. Or Email Sarah.Brooker@Hays.com.au If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 This newly created role is working for a growing not for profit organisation, Windana Drug & Alcohol Recovery, that has recently secured new funding and has a number of capital works and strategic projects in the pipeline. The Organisation Windana is a leading drug and alcohol treatment organisation specialising in holistic, client-focused recovery services programs. Clients choose from a range of supportive community based and residential programs. For more than 30 years, we have been helping people rebuild their lives in a safe, caring environment. We support our clients wherever they are in the recovery process. Windana offers medically supported withdrawal programs in addition to its pioneering evidence-based, non-medical treatment programs. For Windana, effective recovery is about offering choices for people to take their lives in new, positive directions. Responsibilities of the Role Reporting to the CEO, the Executive Director Corporate Services will be responsible for a broad remit incorporating; Finance, ICT, Risk and Compliance, Legal and Contract Management, Asset Management, Major Projects and Strategic Planning. This role will support a range of strategic projects including; the redevelopment of a new site, relocation of the corporate office and the commissioning of additional residential beds. In addition, the Executive Director will develop strategic and creative responses and approaches to long term financial planning and management. Key selection Criteria A record of achievement in a similar leadership role involving Finance, ICT, Property and Asset Management, Risk Management and strategic planning Superior financial management skills and knowledge The capacity to formulate and communicate a vision and clarity of direction Sound strategic planning skills The ability to motivate, encourage and develop their team Highly developed interpersonal skills and the ability to foster effectively stakeholder relationships. A Tertiary Qualification in Finance or Business and CPA or CA membership. The successful candidate will be joining an organisation with a high functioning Board and a CEO and Executive Team who have doubled the revenue in the last 3 years. For a confidential enquiry please contact Jessica Inteman at Becks Wiggins Stokes Recruitment on 03 96992880 or apply today! 
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices. Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  Who are we looking for? People with extensive experience and leadership roles in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? You will lead a team in one of the Compliance Sections; Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts; Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program; You will influence and develop strategy, policies, priorities and practices relating to the health provider compliance program. Who are you? You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and extensive experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will be comfortable and experienced exercising a considerable degree of independence with decision making substantially dependent on your high level judgement What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Our Story Our purpose is to create extraordinary places, connecting and enriching communities. A career with Scentre Group fosters the chance to be part of a company that is transforming the digital and physical retail space. Work with great people and add value to a tangible product you can see. Following some recent internal movements to a project, we have 2 Finance Analyst positions available within our Leasing Finance team. Both roles are being offered as 12 month fixed term contracts, and during your time in the contract, you'll play an integral role within the asset team to support commercial decisions. Your opportunity Your role and responsibilities will include, but not limited to: Financial and Management Reporting - Produce and review accurate udgets, Long Term Forecasts, Bi-Monthly Forecasts for a portfolio of centres Stakeholder Engagement - Analytical support to internal and external stakeholders to deliver on strategic plan. Create Insights and Strategic Analysis - Provide numerical support for leasing decisions related to gross rent data across a portfolio of centres Managing deliverables - Prioritise work so that regular timetabled deliverables are delivered on time and are of a consistent quality while working on ad hoc work requested from Leasing Execs Innovation  Support the delivery of a range of Finance Plan on a Page initiatives that help Scentre Group achieve its strategic objectives What will set you apart from the rest? You'll be a driven, motivated and confident finance professional, and thrive when working independently in a high performing culture. We're also looking for: Tertiary education within a finance related field, and working towards (or completed) CA/CPA qualification too Excellent analytical ability and attention to detail Strong communication and influencing skills Demonstrated experience managing conflicting deliverables What sets us apart from the rest? Diverse career paths across our vertically integrated business Ability to innovate in a company that not only encourages it but will facilitate it We encourage and support our employees to find balance in their work lives and what is important to them outside of work by embracing a flexible approach to how they work. If you're able to perform the requirements of the role and need some form of flexibility to do so, we're open to your application and ideas on how we could make it work. Join the Scentre Group community and see the fruits of your labour come to life. If this sounds like you, apply today to make extraordinary happen! 
 Accounts Receivable Clerk - 6 months (with a view to permanent) We are recruiting for an experienced Accounts Receivable Clerk to join the Finance team of an Australian owned company that are the creators of a wide range of well-known health and wellness brands sold in pharmacy and grocery channels within Australia and several other countries globally. Based in Warriewood, on the Northern Beaches. 6 month contract (with a view to permanent) 8:30 - 5pm, Monday - Friday $55K - $60K + Superannuation You will also receive staff discounts, a gym membership and have a gold coin donation barista on site. The Role:  Full function of accounts receivable  Handling of disputes and provide prompt resolution in a professional manner  Dealing with issues effecting payment  Weekly reporting on the status of outstanding debt  Maintenance of Address Book You must have:  Minimum of 3 years' experience in a similar role  Strong analytical and problem solving skills  The ability to work autonomously while contributing to an energetic team environment  Exceptional communication both verbal and written  Ability to handle a fast paced and often high pressure office environment and the ability to multi task  Advanced excel skills with the ability to implement Vlookup  Time management and being able to prioritise  Reliable and able to demonstrate flexibility to take on new challenges  Fits in with the team environment and the company culture  JDE or similar would be an advantage  Advanced level of Microsoft Please note: this role is only open to application who live on the North Shore or Northern Beaches 
 Not Just Your Average Role Every team member plays a vital role, everyone working together, and at the centre of our business operations we need support personnel. MG Group are growing steadily.  Our team is young, vibrant and dynamic and we are looking for an experiences Accounts/Office All Rounder to join our team.  But not just any person¦¦¦ Do you have something special to add to our organisation? Working with a dynamic and progressive team, this is an extremely varied role for the successful candidate.  This role will suit a person who can use their own initiative whilst working with minimal supervision. Day to Day Duties Include: Accounts (essential): ·         Co-ordination of weekly/monthly accounts payable start to finish ·         Office expenditure. ·         Petty cash. ·         Bank Statements/Credit card reconciliations. ·         BAS preparation Administration: ·         Providing administration support to senior management as required ·         Ensuring the smooth running of a busy office and providing administrative support to the team as well as site supervisors ·         Coordination and preparation for internal and external communications and meetings including minute-taking and agenda/document compilation. ·        Assistance with the Management of the company's document control, procedures, policies, templates and filing, reception duties. Our Ideal Candidate would: ·         Hold at least 5+ years' experience in a similar accounts / administration position. ·         Have used MYOB previously ·         Be a great all-rounder and expert multi-tasker with the ability to prioritise and communicate effectively. ·         Have the experience to foresee operational issues before they arise and take the necessary steps to resolve them with minimal supervision. ·         Logically trouble shoot and resolve financial and general issues. ·         Must have experience in accounts payable ·         Possess a high degree of professionalism and integrity with a positive and happy disposition and a mature outlook. If you think that this is the role for you, please write a one page cover letter and send us your resume telling us why we need you today!   This role is an ideal full time permanent position although we can be flexible  to accommodate your circumstances - please apply without delay!   APPLICATIONS WITHOUT A COVERING LETTER WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED   
 Within our Deloitte Private business you have a truly unique opportunity to make an impact that matters, by supporting and influencing business owners and key decision makers within Australia's largest private enterprises, and the families that own them. Our Business Advisory Services team in Sydney works to navigate our clients' complex financial and family business issues, provide responsive advice and true consultative services as a part of a 1,000+ national team dedicated to serving the private market. If you are entrepreneurially spirited, solution minded and looking for a challenge, Deloitte Private is definitely the place for you! About the role Our Deloitte Private team partners with our clients to provide leading commercial and taxation expertise to assist in growing, managing and protecting their businesses, and help them achieve their commercial and family goals. As a Manager you will be accountable for; Supporting Partners and Directors in managing management client engagements across a diverse portfolio of private entities, including high net worth individuals, start-ups, and family groups Collaborating with clients to understand their complete business needs, with a focus on providing the most impactful and meaningful solutions Managing the workflow and productivity of your team, with a focus on creating a high performance and client centric environment Utilising our market leading cloud technology to provide innovative client solutions Recognising and developing new business opportunities in this growth orientated area About your experience An experienced Manager with a passion for developing talent within the team, you will also possess the following skills and attributes; Prior Manager level exposure advising Private clients within a Big 4 or mid-tier firm Proven experience building and leading high performing teams with a service excellence approach Prior Manager level exposure advising Private clients within a Big 4 or mid-tier firm You will have an accounting or related degree and have completed your CA program or the equivalent A naturally inquisitive mindset and desire to understand your clients overall operations, allowing you to deliver the most impactful outcomes Fluent in Chinese is preferred About our team Focused on the creation of value and growth, and recognised as a market leader for innovative programs, our Deloitte Private Business Advisory team is expanding which is creating opportunities for outstanding professionals with a hunger for success. Our Sydney BAS team provides a range of services including regulatory and financial reporting, financial statement preparation, tax advice, personal and strategic business advice. We focus on delivering relevant solutions, fulfilling compliance requirements, providing subject matter expertise, and enabling our clients to focus on their strengths and priorities. Next Steps If this sounds like an exciting opportunity that aligns with your experience and career goals, we want to hear from you! Click Apply below and submit your application. 
 Accounts Payable job in Brookvale, $55k+super. Working for a successful online retail store. Your new company This Australian owned online shopping club is well known for its member exclusivity and high value designer brands. Located in Brookvale, this position offers a dynamic and innovative work environment in a growing business. Due to a new job opening, an Accounts Payable Officer is needed to join the team for 6 months, with the possibility of a permanent position Your new role Working in a team of four, reporting to the Accounts Payable , you will be responsible for: Processing refunds Payment journals Resolving discrepancies What you'll need to succeed Experience in a similar Accounts Payable role will lead to your success, including having a positive and enthusiastic manner. Having experience using Navision is beneficial, as well as experience with Excel. You'll have excellent communication skills, be a team-player and have exceptional attention to detail, which will ensure you thrive in this dynamic and integral team. What you'll get in return You'll be offered a salary of $55k + super, working for one of the top companies within their field. You'll be working in a team that value their employees' individual expertise and drive. You will be working for a dedicated and energetic company, whose continuous strive for excellence along with a customer-centric focus makes them a company you will be proud to work for. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
ACCOUNTING & FINANCE Manheim is an Australian market leader backed by Cox Automotive in the provision of automotive remarketing services, with an unrivalled range of products, services and expertise. Cox Automotive is transforming the way the world buys, sells and owns cars with industry-leading digital marketing, software, financial, wholesale and e-commerce solutions for consumers, dealers, manufacturers and the overall automotive ecosystem worldwide. In this highly valued position, the General Manager Finance is responsible for providing financial management and commercial guidance for Manheim Australia & New Zealand working closely with the Executive Leadership Team and the business. Reporting to the CEO of Manheim, the appointee's primary purpose is to manage the financial planning and analysis, financial control, finance business partnering, transaction services, procurement and asset management. You are CA/CPA qualified with extensive finance leadership experience. As a strategic and resilient people leader, you can drive change with continuous improvement, challenge and influence cross functional stakeholders. Critical to your success is an ability to communicate messages, understand the business drivers and manage stakeholder relationships and expectations. With an exciting finance transformation agenda ahead, embark on a career in a rapidly changing marketplace. For more information, please contact Tony Citera at SHK Asia Pacific on +61 3 8620 8036 or apply online quoting reference JO-1804-26441. Direct and third-party applications will be forwarded to SHK Executive. 
 Our client is a listed corporate with a diverse range of domestic and international assets. Due to exceptional growth this organisation has now decided to appoint a Tax Manager to assist across a broad range of Corporate and Indirect Tax matters inclusive of “ but not limited to the following; Tax advisory support across the commercial business units Assistance in the preparation of the annual income tax return for group, together with business units as and when necessary Responsibility for managing key components of the ATO relationship together with foreign tax authorities and the implementation of a robust tax risk management framework Development of procedures, controls and frameworks to continually improve and build on existing compliance and risk management frameworks   Responsibility for the continued development of Tax software 
 Bruker Pty Ltd is a successful Life science company providing dynamic solutions to a vast array of customers. We are seeking a progressive Financial Accountant with strong technical knowledge of accounting principles to perform tasks such as reconciliations, month end activities, SAP process improvements, inventory and general ledger maintenance. Dealing with all levels of seniority throughout multiple company divisions, your excellent communication and interpersonal skills will be utilised constantly. You'll also be called upon to assist in meeting month end deadlines, supported throughout by a very experienced senior finance team. Key Attributes of the role; Management of balance sheet, profit and loss, and other entity specific management reports. Prepares asset, liability, and capital account entries by compiling and analyzing account information on a periodic basis. Prepare monthly reconciliation of balance sheets accounts, ensuring all are in compliance. Maintain accuracy of Revenue Recognition, Cost of goods sold under US GAAP standards Overview accuracy of operational expenses to comply with US GAAP standards Assist in the preparation of quarterly forecast and yearly business plans. Maintain accounting controls in accordance with Australia and New Zealand statutory requirements, company policies and procedures. Assist in assets and inventory control by division Be key subject matter expert for SAP in the areas of General ledger, receivables and payables. (FICO) Preparation of audit, tax schedules and GST returns. Ensure that all tax filing schedules are complied with.   Key requirements Bachelor's Degree in Accounting / Commerce CPA or CA designation mandatory. Relevant experience in the accounting (+6 years), preferably in scientific equipment industry. Advanced experience in MS Excel, Powerpoint and Access. Strong analytical and accounting skills. Excellent verbal, written communication and interpersonal skills. Must be able to effectively handle multiple projects simultaneously in a deadline driven environment. Ability to work independently and as part of a team and take on new tasks with high level of difficulty. The individual will be expected to work with minimal up-front guidance and take ownership of his / her work product. To act as second in command of AU/NZ finance team. SAP and BPC expertise desirable 
 Work with Australia's #1 online Tax Agent “ providing convenience and great online tax services to clients Join our vibrant and successful team of Tax Reviewers and Registered Tax Agents. A great way to earn an additional income, with the ability to determine your own workload and working hours operating within the comfort of your own home. This is a short-term contract for the upcoming tax season only. Our client base consists of: Individual tax payers Small and Medium size Enterprise Our online systems help you to efficiently review client tax returns prior to lodgement. System training is provided to help you in the process. Responsibilities include: Reviewing client tax returns Requesting further information or documents from clients where required Advising when tax refunds can be improved Adhering to TPB, ATO and in-house guidelines Lodging compliant and honest returns Responding professionally to all correspondence (both internal and external) Skills include: 2-3 years' current Australian Individual Tax Return experience Current experience lodging and reviewing individual and business tax returns Excellent written communication skills Able to work efficiently and independently Role Requirements:    Reliable computer and high speed internet Able to respond promptly to correspondence within a 24 hour time-frame Please note: Due to a large volume of returns at our practice, you must be available from the beginning of June to the middle of August. Training commences early June, in preparation for work starting July 1st. If this position sounds right for you, we want to hear from you! Please copy and paste the URL below into your preferred browser to apply. https://etax.peoplehr.net/Pages/JobBoard/Opening.aspx?v=5674b4fd-2ad2-4433-96df-2b37ae9f1699 Any other enquiries please contact Human Resources on (07) 3457 5193. 
 Are you a Registered Tax Accountant? Work with Australia's #1 online Tax Agent “ providing convenience and great online tax services to clients Join our vibrant and successful team of Tax Reviewers and Registered Tax Agents. A great way to earn an additional income, with the ability to determine your own workload and working hours operating within the comfort of your own home. This is a short-term contract for the upcoming tax season only. Our client base consists of: Individual tax payers Small and Medium size Enterprise Our online systems help you to efficiently review client tax returns prior to lodgement. System training is provided to help you in the process. Responsibilities include: Reviewing client tax returns Requesting further information or documents from clients where required Advising when tax refunds can be improved Adhering to TPB, ATO and in-house guidelines Lodging compliant and honest returns Responding professionally to all correspondence (both internal and external) Skills include: 2-3 years' current Australian Individual Tax Return experience Current experience lodging and reviewing individual and business tax returns Excellent written communication skills Able to work efficiently and independently Role Requirements:    Registered Tax Agent license Reliable computer and high speed internet Able to respond promptly to correspondence within a 24 hour time-frame Please note: Due to a large volume of returns at our practice, you must be available from the beginning of June to the middle of August. Training commences early June, in preparation for work starting July 1st. If this position sounds right for you, we want to hear from you! Please copy and paste the URL below into your preferred browser to apply. https://etax.peoplehr.net/Pages/JobBoard/Opening.aspx?v=d2ecfd5d-1767-4b08-8fcc-68d2d5de21d4 Any other enquiries please contact Human Resources on (07)¦show number . 
 Due to the rapid expansion and projects awarded, GTE seeks the services of an experienced and enthusiastic Payroll Officer to join their growing team. This exciting full-time opportunity (Monday through to Friday) offers a chance to work within a terrific team that prides itself on being great with people and great for people.  Key Requirements: * Experience with Excel; * Must possess a hands-on can-do attitude; and * 5-10 years experience within a similar role would be at an advantage. Key Responsibilities: Processing of end to end payroll utilising AttachÃ©, inclusive of salaries and standard allowances, change of conditions, inputting of new employees, terminations and incentive payments; Ensuring strict compliance with State and Federal Legislation's relating to Superannuation and PAYG and all other statutory obligations; Preparation of statutory payroll related documents or investigation. Invoicing of clients including credits or adjustments. The position offers a positive work environment which is high volume, challenging and fast-paced. Please contact Matthew Baker on 03 9358 4300 and forward your resume to m.baker@gteaustralia.com for an immediate interview. 
Due to expansion and an internal promotion a new opportunity has arisen for technical but commercially astute Group Finance Manager to join this extremely exciting business based in the heart of Sydney's CBD.  This business is unique in what they do with little or no competition in Australia, they are at the forefront of innovation within an ethical industry.  As the 2IC to the Group Financial Controller this role will be varied, consisting in the oversight of the financial reporting, management reporting, staff management, decision support, process improvement and interesting project work. There will be regular interaction with senior stakeholders and you will be tasked with providing insightful commentary to the board.  One of the first tasks in hand will be to to lead the implementation of new IFRS accounting standards specifically 9,15 and 16.  Specific duties to include  Manage the group reporting process ensuring the results and CFO report documents are on time and insightful  Oversight of the group consolidation process, ensuring all intercompany transactions are matched and correct  Control derivative accounting including hedge accounting documentation and FX transactions in accordance with IFRS9  Manage the half yearly and annual reporting procedure    Protectively manage any impacts to the statutory to the stat financial reporting process against any changes within the group  Keeping the business informed of any legislation changes affecting the business  Developing, mentoring and coaching a high performing team  Proactively engage with stakeholders across the group  Deliver process improvements and efficiencies  To be considered for this role you will be a qualified (CA/CPA) Finance Manager and leader , ideally with a background in the Big 4. You will also be technically and commercially astute with the ability to lead the team through the IFRS changes. Due to the extensive exposure to the senior management team you will need to have exceptional verbal and written communication skills.     For further information please contact James Chapman at AXR 
 Working for the Australian arm of a large multinational business we are currently seeking a Management Accountant for a contract role with a view to a permanent position. The role Budgeting, forecasting and variance analysis Month end reporting and commentary Expenditure reporting and analysis Business partnering with operational managers to provide financial insights and cost management Maintenance of financial controls Project reporting and analysis Continual improvement of systems and processes The candidate CA/CPA qualified Broad, all round accounting skills Demonstrated experience in budgeting and forecasting Demonstrated ability to identify an implement process improvements Able to meet deadlines High level Excel Strong communication and ability to influence senior stakeholders. This varied role will suit a candidate who is detail focused but also enjoys the opportunity to add value and to influence business outcomes. For immediate consideration please click Apply and submit your resume in Word format. 
 4 - 6 month Finance Manager position - leading a small team with strong compliance and process focus Your new company An Education institution based in the Eastern suburbs. Your new role As Finance Manager, you will be focused on: Leading a team of five, including two qualified accountants Overseeing financial management compliance, systems administration, treasury, banking and corporate payments, internal audit, and any statutory requirements Reporting to the Director of Finance, you will be part of the senior management team and be required to feed back strategic financial advice upwards in the organisation. What you'll need to succeed Ideally you will have demonstrable experience in a similar role, where you have overseen both transactional finance staff and qualified accountants. You will have a strong process and systems-focused mindset The ideal candidate will have a strong financial control background, including preparation and review of statutory requirements. It would be ideal to have previous experience in the education or broader public sector Technology One experience would be preferred What you'll get in return An immediate start for 4 - 6 months with the possibility for extension. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to Kirsten Dugan at kirsten.dugan@hays.com.au, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Short term contract role. Southern Highlands location. CA qualified financial accountant. Your new company Large division of a major corporate group, this organisation is a high profile local employer within the southern highlands region. Your new role This is a short term contract opportunity to assist the Finance Director with the preparation of accurate and timely year end statutory accounts This is a varied role in which your primary responsibilities will include: Responsible for the preparation of accurate and timely year end statutory accounts Preparing supporting working papers Preparations of tax calculations and company tax returns Liaise with the operational business to gain accurate information Liaison with internal and external stakeholders What you'll need to succeed You will be CA or CPA and tertiary qualified in accounting or similar Strong statutory accounts preparation experience Experience in preparation of company tax returns. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
About the role  Working for a multi billion dollar plus organisation, you will be responsible for business partnering & FP&A at a group level and providing financial analysis and advice to leadership teams.     The responsibilities Reporting to the Head of Finance, you will be responsible for providing key financial performance analysis to divisional and corporate functions. Other duties include (but not limited to): Reporting, business planning, budgeting & forecasting Prepare financial models to support strategic planning activities  Monthly & quarterly management reporting  Variance analysis Trend analysis across divisions Support and develop systems reporting  Business performance reporting Business plans Manage a team of 2 Ad hoc projects The successful applicant will have You will be a CA/ CPA qualified accounting professional with a proven track record in an analytical role within a large corporate. You will have excellent attention to detail and problem solving skills, with a creative flair. You will have advanced financial modelling and data analysis skills. Big 4 experience is highly desirable.     Additional benefits Career progression Training & development Fun and dynamic company culture Excellent mentorship from senior management Bonus component About the client Our client is a top global corporate with ambition growth plans. They deliver unrivaled service to their customers and are an Employer of Choice.    How to apply To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Nikki Shah on nshah@sharpandcarter.com.au #LI-NS1 
 Our client is one of the leaders within the 3PL space and we have the opportunity to provide them with an Accounts Payable Officer - Temp to Perm. Great company with supportive management team this will be an excellent opportunity to be part of a global organisation. Immediate start for the right person As an Accounts Payable Person, you will be responsible for;     Full function accounts payable process and procedures;     Projects and other duties as requested by the Accounts Payable Manager and Finance Manager;     Resolve/manage mailbox queries, file and archive paperwork as required within the department     Good knowledge of foreign currency transactions is preferred     Ensuring creditors' reconciliations are completed and any problems highlighted are resolved on a timely basis;     Costing stock invoices and non-stock invoices through purchasing and general ledger respectively;     Ensuring that all non-stock creditors and other stock creditors invoices are paid according to the company's creditors terms whilst ensuring that we take advantage of settlement discounts;     Ensuring that the company's purchasing policies and purchase authority levels are adhered to. To be successful you will need the following attributes; A minimum three years full time employment with extensive accounts payable experience. General exposure to computerized accounting systems in medium to large commercial organisations. Skills in office productivity applications, such as Excel and Word, are preferable.     Previous experience in a similar role at least 3 years     Well organised and a clear thinker;     High attention to detail     Strong communication skills (both written and verbal)     Flexibility and a willingness to perform a variety of tasks     Ability to meet deadlines and prioritise     Ability to work with minimal supervision     Strong analytical and decision-making skills     Willingness to learn and develop skill base Don't miss out on this opportunity APPLY NOW by following the link. The right candidates will be contacted by Gonca Sobaci  
Office Manager     Permanent Position Regional WA Competitive Salary on offer     Our client offers an Engineering Service for all industries; overhauling and installing heavy industrial gearboxes along with maintenance work site based.  They have two offices one based in Perth Metro and the other Regional WA.  They are now looking for an Office Manager to work alongside them and add value to their team.   The Office Manager will provide administration and clerical support to the General Manager & Engineering Team, reporting directly to the Branch Manager. This position will initiate and coordinate the clerical and reception functions required for the effective management of the office.     RESPONSIBILITIES:   Support the General Manager; Manage reception, incoming calls and provide professional internal and external customer service; Accurately perform data entry of timesheets on a daily basis, manage Payroll processes; Manage inventory of office supplies and consumables and initiate orders; Manage procurement of company uniforms; Raise purchase orders in MYOB; Manage petty cash, company fuel cards and FIFO food vouchers; Manage IES Housing and Amenities Cleaning including identifying and organising maintenance requirements and perform routine housing inspections; Preparation of invoices and invoicing completed jobs, including follow-up of outstanding accounts and handling debtor enquiries; Reconciliation of bank accounts and credit cards in conjunction with Accounts Officer; Manage FIFO flights and accommodation; Manage labour hire and subcontractor hour's reconciliation and invoice processing and payment; Attend Maintain the confidentiality   of correspondence,   documents, discussions, meetings and telephone calls; Ability to multi-task and work to tight deadlines.    If you are interested to hear more and wish to be considered for this great opportunity “ then APPLY NOW or for more information call Kate Barr “ Senior Recruitment Consultant “ 0438 144 183.     IRP is an equal opportunity employer and encourages applications from all sectors of the community.   RIGHT PERSON | RIGHT JOB | RIGHT TIME www.IRP.net.au 
 A small, busy team in the Homebush area is looking for an experienced accounts payable officer to join their team on a permanent basis. Client Details MY Client is an international organisation with a great local presence across the country. They have great values and pride themselves on being a humble and hard working team. They are looking for another friendly and like-minded individual to join the family. This position would be accounts payable with an opportunity to assist with receivables. Description This is a full function accounts payable position including but not limited to: 3 way matching for a high volume of invoices Payment runs, both intercompany and external across ANZ Vendor reconciliations Assisting with month end reporting Inventory management Assisting with receivables when required Profile To be considered, applicants should meet the following requirements: 4 years accounts payable experience Clear communication skills, written and verbal Working knowledge of SAP Experience with inventory management would be an advantage A hard working and committed attitude CPA/CA qualified candidates will be over qualified and with NOT be considered. Job Offer This is a team that considers themselves as a family away from home and they are looking for a like minded individual to join their close team. Great salary package Permanent position Immediate start Close to public transport Great working environment To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Jessica O'Connor on +61 2 8221 8140. 
Our Client has had an outstanding past year, and due to this a newly created Senior Manager - Risk and Compliance position has been created. The purpose of the position is to identify, evaluate, treat, monitor and communicate the company's operational and strategic risks globally. This includes developing, reviewing, and facilitating the continual improvement of risk management framework throughout the business located in various jurisdictions. As a key member of the team you will develop, innovative, effective and efficient approaches for the way that we manage risk across the business in this forever changing landscape. This position is to support or develop our risk-type framework, so that our front-line colleagues are making risk-informed business decisions in support of the business's risk vision. The Senior Manager “ Risk and Compliance will be expected to lead, steer and direct the roll out of the enterprise risk framework components to ultimately reduce the risk and compliance footprint within the business.   Reporting to the Chief Financial Officer, some of your responsibilities will be: Innovation and thought leadership “ you have a track record of translating your knowledge, innovative ideas and foresight into creating and implementing practical, value-adding risk management approaches Strategically you are able to look outside the square, as well as having an ability and aptitude for detailed analysis; you are equally comfortable working with qualitative and quantitative approaches Intellectual curiosity - you ask probing questions and don't take no for an answer The ability to analyse and provide insight, as well as to deal with ambiguity Action focus - you drive results by taking accountability, initiating action, gaining buy-in and advising of the risk framework to the business You encourage and facilitate businesses to recognize their risks - both the good risks that are worth taking, and the bad ones which need careful handling - and to make balanced risk and reward decisions that support their growth objectives & Develop and execute a key control testing framework to monitor the effectiveness of our control environment Our ideal candidate will have the following: Tertiary education qualifications in Commerce, Law or a similar discipline Strong working understanding of the Australian Standard on Risk Management (AS/NZS 31000:2009), Business Continuity (AS/NZS 5050:2010) and applicable international risk management standards and frameworks Previous experience as Senior Manager - Risk and Compliance working within e-commerce, e-marketing, digital goods, travel, financial services industry, or Payment Service industry will be highly regarded Excellent communication and written language skills particularly in the context of concise and effective reporting to senior management and Board stakeholders Ability to develop strong internal partnerships across departments and work groups Strong business acumen; insights into what drives businesses Experience using Microsoft Office products, including: Excel, Word, Outlook, and PowerPoint. This Senior Manager - Risk and Compliance position is to identify, evaluate, treat, monitor and communicate the company's operational and strategic risks. This includes reviewing and facilitating the continual improvement of risk management throughout the business.   For a confidential discussion regarding this position please contact on Rose Filippone on 03 8614 8204 / 0409 236 061 or send your word formatted resume to rosefilippone@alexkaar.com.au 
About the role This would be an excellent first time move from chartered or business services. You will have responsibility of the financial reporting and assist with the tax compliance using a large ERP system. You will be reporting to an excellent Finance Manager who has worked their way up from this role. Your responsibilities Your responsibilities will include (but not limited to): Ensure general ledger integrity Prepare Statutory Accounts Assist with tax compliance Ensure that financial transactions are processed Assist financial analysts with management reports Other ad-hoc project work Process improvement across the division The successful applicant This role is ideal for a first time mover out of Chartered or business services. You will be a CA or CPA qualified accounting professional who has experience in a chartered firm. You will have exceptional interpersonal skills and a proven track record of excellent verbal and written communication skills. The client will consider sponsorship for this role.  About the client Our client is a multi billion dollar turnover business within the infrastructure industry. Their people describe their culture as positive, people orientated, friendly and achievement focused. Additional benefits CBD based Generous package Mentorship & career development Friendly work environment Progressive, growing organisation   To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Nikki on nshah@sharpandcarter.com.au 
If you are a business services or tax consultant and are thinking about a change to kick start your career then you should certainly consider this opportunity. One of the leading international tax divisions located in first class offices in the heart of Sydney's CBD are looking to hire an exceptional Tax consultant to their high performing team. In recent months, the volume of tax advisory work has been unprecedented with a genuine mix ranging from cross-border, international and national M&A, transfer pricing, through to more localised private client advisory. The firm are keen to find an individual who has either been a part of a similar tax consulting group or have had exposure to this kind of work whilst working under a private clients or business services practice. Reporting to 3 industry leading Tax Partners, the successful candidate will be working closely with both corporate and private clients from varying sectors. You will be an integral part of a collaborative team of smart and commercially focused individuals who share your passion for tax and your drive and will to be the best tax practitioner you can be. If you have 1-2 years in business advisory, corporate tax or indeed transfer pricing and have a genuine passion for tax, and want to join one of the markets leading tax teams then this could very well be the opportunity for you. To apply please contact Steve Cole on scole@signatureconsulting.com.au or call Steve on 0410 344 723 
 Community Aged Care and Veterans Home Care Program The Salvation Army Adult Services Network The Salvation Army's Adult Services is an integrated network of support and related services providing assistance to people experiencing disadvantage within the community. The Community Aged Care Program provides support to older persons living in the community through assistance with daily living and general support.  These services are provided Monday to Friday between the hours of 8.00am to 6.00pm. We seek a qualified and enthusiastic Finance Officer with a minimum of 3 years' experience in the field of Home Care Packages. The successful applicant for this role will have the: Ability to deliver effective and timely provision of financial reports, data entry, bank reconciliations; accounts payable/receivable and other relevant financial requests Ability to reconcile complex accounts Good understanding of budgeting and month end procedures Well-developed organisational, administrative and time management skills Proficient use of financial systems software and  Microsoft Office suite Proficient use of HCM Prerequisites: Minimum Diploma in Accounting or equivalent field experience. Working within the mission values of The Salvation Army, you will be committed to the provision of innovative, flexible, responsive services to our care recipients within a strong quality framework. Remuneration is in accordance with the SCHCADS award Level 4.   For a copy of the Position Description please visit our website www.salvationarmy.org.au/en/About-Us/Work-With-Us then click on the DOWNLOAD link at the top of the page.  To discuss the position, please contact Ankica Marijanovic, Manager,(03) 9311 7677. Applications Your application must address the job competencies in the position description and include a cover letter, resume and completed Application Form. Name and phone numbers of two referees who can comment on your work skills should also be provided. APPLICATIONS NOT ADDRESSING THE JOB COMPETENCIES WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED. Applications stating the position title should be sent to the Assistant Manager - Business Administration at Adult Services, PO Box 506, North Melbourne, 3051 or adultservices@aus.salvationarmy.org Applications close at 5pm Friday, 27 April 2018. All applicants must have a satisfactory aged care Police Check that is no more than 3 months old. The Salvation Army is an equal opportunity employer. 
 Are you a Registered Tax Accountant?   Work with Australia's #1 online Tax Agent “ providing convenience and great online tax services to clients Join our vibrant and successful team of Tax Reviewers and Registered Tax Agents. A great way to earn an additional income, with the ability to determine your own workload and working hours operating within the comfort of your own home. This is a short-term contract for the upcoming tax season only. Our client base consists of: Individual tax payers Small and Medium size Enterprise Our online systems help you to efficiently review client tax returns prior to lodgement. System training is provided to help you in the process. Responsibilities include: Reviewing client tax returns Requesting further information or documents from clients where required Advising when tax refunds can be improved Adhering to TPB, ATO and in-house guidelines Lodging compliant and honest returns Responding professionally to all correspondence (both internal and external) Skills include: 2-3 years' current Australian Individual Tax Return experience Current experience lodging and reviewing individual and business tax returns Excellent written communication skills Able to work efficiently and independently Role Requirements:    Registered Tax Agent license Reliable computer and high speed internet Able to respond promptly to correspondence within a 24 hour time-frame Please note: Due to a large volume of returns at our practice, you must be available from the beginning of June to the middle of August. Training commences early June, in preparation for work starting July 1st. If this position sounds right for you, we want to hear from you! Please copy and paste the URL below into your preferred browser to apply. https://etax.peoplehr.net/Pages/JobBoard/Opening.aspx?v=d2ecfd5d-1767-4b08-8fcc-68d2d5de21d4 Any other enquiries please contact Human Resources on (07) 3457 5193. 
 Our client is an ASX Top 100 who provide products to a broad range of customers / consumers across Australia. The business has a wonderful rich history and modern day values that encourage collaboration and success. Reporting to a Divisional Commercial Director, this is a varied role that will submerge its tentacles into all areas of the business. Paramount to the role will be to provide due diligence for all M&A activity all the way from identifying opportunities through to integration. An proven practical understanding of buy / sell side analyst activity will be highly as will someone who has strong analytical and modelling skills. It is expected the prospective person to succeed in this position will be CA qualified and perhaps be looking for a first or second step within commerce. Those who have come from a Transactional Services Big 4 environment are especially encouraged reach out with expressions of interest. Advanced modelling skills are expected as is someone who is comfortable communicating with C suite executives. A career awaits as internal promotion is the businesses first choice when recruiting. To apply, please click on the link below and we will contact you shortly. Follow West Recruitment on LinkedIn to receive the latest industry news and job updates at http://www.linkedin.com/company/west-recruitment-consulting Please submit your resume in Word format only. 
 Would you like to be working ASAP? Metropol Recruitment are working with a range of clients seeking temporary accounting and payroll support staff to start at short notice - let's discuss how temping can work for you! You will be experienced with processing a high volume of invoices, reconciliations, handling queries from internal and external customers, processing data, preparing reports, processing payment runs and various other ad hoc duties; or perhaps come from a strong payroll background. To be successful you must have a positive attitude, a strong customer focus and be a team player capable of multi tasking and prioritising your workload Successful candidates will be able to demonstrate the following: Experience with AR, AP, general accounting duties OR Payroll Strong excel skills (minimum intermediate level) Working knowledge of SAP or Oracle or similar large ERP package Ability to work to tight deadlines A high level of accuracy and attention to detail Strong written and verbal communication skills At Metropol Recruitment we make every effort to respond to all applications, however sometimes the volume we receive is so large it is not possible. If you do not receive a response from us, please don't take it personally as we really value the effort you made to apply. 
 Lower North Shore Based Wanted: Talented achiever to join our high performing team! Rauland Australia supplies hi-tech communications solutions to the Healthcare industry across Australia and New Zealand. We are proud of the reputation for quality of product and excellence in service that we have built over 23 years. We would like to add someone with the same passion and drive to our team. Reporting directly to the Accountant, you will (amongst other things): Take ownership of the Purchase Order Request and Credit Card Request email addresses Obtain appropriate approvals and verifications for creditor invoices prior to payment Create Purchase Orders in SAP Generate and approve MRP reports Process credit card payments online and via phone Process transactions in SAP Assisting with processing sub-contractor claims Reconcile credit card account statements monthly Reconcile creditor invoices to supplier statement Ensuring all invoices are paid to terms Process employee expense claims and sub-contractor claims Assist with supplier payment runs and related emails and filling Assist with maintenance of the Fixed Assets register The successful applicant will be an experienced administrator who has: A proven track record in data entry or transaction processing Exceptional English communication skills (written and verbal) Strong relationship management skills and Is a proactive team player Strong motivation to learn and get ahead Some Accounts Payables experience will be an added advantage You will gain: Work close to public transport The support of a friendly, knowledgeable, dynamic team The benefit of working in a well-established, secure business Continuous learning and development and career growth opportunities If this sounds like the opportunity for you, click on the APPLY NOW button to send your resume. 
 Are you a Registered Tax Accountant?   Work with Australia's #1 online Tax Agent “ providing convenience and great online tax services to clients Join our vibrant and successful team of Tax Reviewers and Registered Tax Agents. A great way to earn an additional income, with the ability to determine your own workload and working hours operating within the comfort of your own home. This is a short-term contract for the upcoming tax season only. Our client base consists of: Individual tax payers Small and Medium size Enterprise Our online systems help you to efficiently review client tax returns prior to lodgement. System training is provided to help you in the process. Responsibilities include: Reviewing client tax returns Requesting further information or documents from clients where required Advising when tax refunds can be improved Adhering to TPB, ATO and in-house guidelines Lodging compliant and honest returns Responding professionally to all correspondence (both internal and external) Skills include: 2-3 years' current Australian Individual Tax Return experience Current experience lodging and reviewing individual and business tax returns Excellent written communication skills Able to work efficiently and independently Role Requirements:    Registered Tax Agent license Reliable computer and high speed internet Able to respond promptly to correspondence within a 24 hour time-frame Please note: Due to a large volume of returns at our practice, you must be available from the beginning of June to the middle of August. Training commences early June, in preparation for work starting July 1st. If this position sounds right for you, we want to hear from you! Please copy and paste the URL below into your preferred browser to apply. https://etax.peoplehr.net/Pages/JobBoard/Opening.aspx?v=d2ecfd5d-1767-4b08-8fcc-68d2d5de21d4 Any other enquiries please contact Human Resources on (07) 3457 5193. 
 Pivotal role in the preparation of Councils Long Term Financial Plan Dynamic small team working in a friendly environment Permanent, full-time position enjoying a 19 day four week cycle  An exciting opportunity has become available for a confident and experienced Management Accountant (Long Term Financial Plan).  About the role Reporting directly to the Deputy Chief Financial Officer you will be responsible for reviewing, updating and developing Council's Long Term Financial Plan. Additional responsibilities include: assisting in the review and preparation of Council's budget; contributing to the development of Council's corporate reporting framework and reconciling and monitoring Council's cash reserves.  Salary for this position is based on skills, experience and qualifications and will range from $80,838pa to $93,772pa plus superannuation.  About You In addition to holding the relevant tertiary qualifications, you will have demonstrated experience in a senior accounting position, with the ability to prepare and review complex reports and reconciliations. The right candidate will be able to demonstrate their experience in driving change through policy, procedural and system improvements. They will also have an understanding of the Integrated Planning and Reporting Framework, having previously contributed to the preparation of the Resourcing Strategy, including the analysis of Asset Management Plans and the Workforce Plan. About us Located in the Southern Highlands, Wingecarribee Shire Council is within comfortable travelling distance of Sydney, Canberra, the South Coast and the Illawarra. With four distinct and stunning seasons combined with glorious countryside rich in biodiversity and appeal, it's an enviable lifestyle location.  How to Apply Applications including a cover letter, resume and statement addressing both the Essential and Desirable Selection Criteria are to be submitted online by visiting www.wsc.nsw.gov.au (Careers @ Council).  The Selection Criteria is contained in the Position Description which you will need to download and review the criteria before submitting your on-line application. All documents are to be attached either as a PDF or Microsoft Office Word document. Applications not addressing the Essential and Desirable Selection Criteria may not be considered.  Intending applicants are advised to read Council's Recruitment Information Package which can be found at www.wsc.nsw.gov.au (Careers @ Council), before submitting their on-line application. Please note:  The online process allows for three (3) items to be uploaded i.e. Resume, Covering Letter and your statement addressing the Selection Criteria.  For a confidential discussion or to obtain further information please contact Council's Deputy Chief Financial Officer, Mr Damien Jenkins on (02) 4868 0737. Only candidates with the right to work in Australia will be considered for the position. Closing date for applications is Monday 30 April 2018   
 This leading organisation continues to grow from strength to strength. A well-established national company which can offer an enviable culture and an environment where employees are supported and developed. As a result of their ongoing success, an opportunity is now available for an Assistant Accountant to join their team. They are looking for an accounting graduate who can ideally demoinstrate 1-2 years accounting experience. Reporting to the CFO, you will be involved in the following tasks; Month end accounting process Preparation of general journals and accruals Balance sheet and bank reconciliations Fixed asset register Assisting with AP, AR and Banking Monthly management reporting Analysis Year-end audits The successful candidate will be degree qualified and be about to embark upon further professional studies such as the CA/CPA program. You will be able to demonstrate excellent results throughout your degree course and be committed to your ongoing learning. Excellent communications skills and the ability to interact comfortably with all levels of stakeholders is a must. Intermediate Excel skills will be required along with the ability to pick up new systems easily. You must possess a positive attitude, excellent attention to detail, a great work ethic and a customer focused manner. If you can bring all of this and more then please consider this as the next step in your accounting career. Excellent benefits are available for the successful applicant including professional study support both leave and financial. To apply online please click on the appropriate link below and send your resume in WORD format.Ã‚ Alternatively, for a confidential discussion please contact Christine Ferdinand on 03 9535 2111. ( SK97897A ) Please visitÃ‚ www.veritasrecruitment.com.auÃ‚ to view more jobs. Ã‚ 
We are currently seeking an Assistant Financial Accountant to assist with the effective and timely delivery of all financial, taxation and statutory reporting. About the role: Prepare and process journals Prepare the reconciliation of balance sheet and general ledger accounts. Assist in the preparation of the daily, weekly and monthly cash flow summaries including the preparation of the cash flow forecast. Assist with the bank reconciliation process. Assist with the preparation for month end reporting Assist the Financial Accountant with the preparation of the annual financial statements, acquittal reports, liaising with external auditors as required. Assist in the maintenance of finance and administrative policies and procedures. Ensure the accuracy and integrity of the finance system records and systems, providing recommendations towards improvement. Undertake other tasks and projects as required by the Financial Accountant within scope of the role. About you: To be successful in this role you will demonstrate the following: Bachelor Degree in Accounting or Finance. CA or CPA qualifications desirable but not essential. Demonstrated experience in financial and management reporting appropriate to a large and growing organisation. Demonstrated ability to meet deadlines without sacrificing accuracy or attention to detail. Demonstrated experience in the preparation and analysis of financial reports in a large multi-site organisation. Demonstrated experience with the use of the Microsoft Office suite of products with advanced capability in Excel. Demonstrated experience with complex systems which enhance the operational and reporting needs of the business. Experience with aged care funding legislation would be an advantage. What you will get in return: Work with a dedicated and innovative team within the growth sector of Aged Care. Access to comprehensive salary packaging benefits, including Private Health Insurance discounts. Professional development and career opportunities. Want to work in one of Australia's biggest growth sectors and make a real difference? Apply today. All Bolton Clarke employees must be entitled to work in Australia and obtain a Federal Police Clearance. About us: Bolton Clarke is the new face of RSL Care and RDNS. We're one of the nation's largest and most experienced not-for-profit providers of independent living services for older Australians. We also offer services to anyone who needs our help in achieving the best possible quality of life and independence. Our combined experience of over 200 years of compassionate service means we can deliver the highest standard of professional support and clinical care. 
 Systems Accountant needed to implement Sun Systems into a growing organisation Your new company This growing company based in North Sydney is going from strength to strength. They have recently taken on to upgrade their accounting system and are looking to develop the way they use their technology. Your new role Reporting to the Financial Controller, the key responsibilities will include: system implementation, training, evaluation, improvement of key processes and being a information point in the business for other departments. This role will involve high levels of internal communication and will therefore require an individual who can look at the current reports and improve them as well as developing new ones. What you'll need to succeed Must have previous experience with working with or implementing SUN Have strong financial, business systems and analytical skills and an ability to engage with all stakeholders in the business. Background in Finance or Accounting CA/CPA qualified would be a plus What you'll get in return You will join a company with a great culture and team and this position will be initially be offered on a rolling contract basis while the business assess future needs and the length of the project. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to nicola.reddan@hays.com.au, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Payroll Manager $85K - $100K + Super Global Australian Organisation Are you looking to take on more responsibility? Perhaps you'd like to run your own payroll team? A global market leading company based in North Shore are recruiting a Payroll Manager to join their finance function.   This position will give the successful candidate the opportunity to own the payroll function and take a hands-on role where you will be required to process monthly and weekly pays as well as being the driving force in developing and implementing processes that will streamline the function across the business and responsible for the leadership of one Senior Payroll Officer.   Set in a friendly and commercial environment, this company is looking for an individual with experience with Mircopay and end to end payroll.   The company offers a fantastic innovative culture and people based environment and will see the successful individual joining the Head Office team, working closely with key stakeholders and the finance function.    Responsibilities for the role will include:  Processing and checking of weekly and monthly pays for under 1000 employees Management of the entire payroll function Management and maintenance of all payroll software Maintaining employee files in respect of payroll obligations/issues Auditing of payrolls to ensure legislative and EBA/Award compliance Continual improvement of payroll operations Assisting management and staff with payroll related enquiries Working closely with Finance and HR to implement processes for the improvement and updating of the payroll function Requirements for the role will include: Experience in a similar role / supervisory / senior payroll Attention to detail Analytical ability Consistency “ key to achieving daily cut off deadlines Optimism/positive and proactive attitude to work Excellent communication skills Able to work both autonomously and be part of a team If you are interested in this position and feel you meet the criteria, then please contact Kate Goworek with your CV to kateg@charterhouse.com.au ; Quoting Payroll Manager North Shore.     
 3-6 Month Temp Assignment Mentoring & Development First-Class Systems In this role you will have the opportunity to work with a diverse and interesting client base including listed companies across a broad range of industry sectors. Reporting to an Audit Manager, you will be responsible for planning audit engagements, supervising audit staff during the engagement and ensuring documentation in the audit files meet internal quality and Australian Audit Standards. The successful applicant will be responsible for: preparation of detailed work budgets for audit engagements; liaising with clients concerning deadlines, audit requirements, accounting queries; conducting and documenting audit closure procedures; preparation of financial statements and audit reports under relevant regulations; review of client financial reports in respect of compliance with the applicable accounting framework and accurate compilation based on audited/reviewed balances and transactions; other assurance engagements as and when they arise. Suitably qualified, you will display exceptional client skills including the ability to build and maintain a good working relationship with clients and a proactive approach to managing client expectations and the assurance engagement. For a confidential discussion or further information on this opportunity please contact Benjamin Jotkowitz on 0419 008 500. Alternatively send your resume directly to benjamin@benneaux.com.au 
 Our client, the Railroad Transport Group is a South Australian privately owned transport Company specialising in logistics and storage services. Beginning in 1957 as a family owned business in local and interstate haulage operations, the business flourished and became Railroad Transport in 1990, and now provides transport services to all major Australian cities. The Group is based in Adelaide with branch offices located in Perth and Melbourne. Reporting to the Managing Director you will be a key member of the Senior Management Team with responsibilities across the Railroad Group of Companies. You will be responsible for: All financial management, regulatory and tax accounting, and managing the balance sheet of all entities within the Group.  Dealing with auditors and external advisors. Raising funds for the Group. Assisting in making strategic financial decisions such as allocation of financial resources, Review of financial results by business unit. Making recommendations for decisions relating to disposals, acquisitions and addressing issues surrounding capital management. Presenting and reporting accurate and timely financial information of the Group to all relevant stakeholders, including Directors, banks, regulatory bodies, and other members of the management team. To be successful you will have experience at a Senior Finance level, including commercial management and financial control. You will have an in-depth understanding and experience in business systems, commercial and contractual arrangements, finance and funding, accounting systems, and taxation. You will have experience managing multi-site locations. CA/CPA qualifications are essential and you will be able to demonstrate sound experience in a senior financial leadership position responsible for developing, financing and supporting a growing business. Experience in the transport industry is preferable. You will also have exceptional leadership, management, and communication skills including the ability to influence and inspire others. Highly developed strategic, analytical and financial skills are required, as is the need to bring an entrepreneurial mind-set with a strong team orientation. You will have a focus on achieving results, and will build a culture of accountability and productivity. This role gives you the opportunity to work as a key member of a national, fast growing organisation. 
 Professional Accounting and Financial Services Firm. West Perth / Northbridge location.  2 x Positions Available, suiting recent graduates and up to two years' industry experience. Both positions will be Assistant Accountant roles however, one will hold the additional responsibility for our internal payroll, processing and assisting with our HR requirements. An Accounting or Commerce Degree is essential. Tasks will include: Xero and MYOB data entry Bank Reconciliations Issuing invoices Reconciling Credit Card expenses General data entry, scanning, saving and filing documents Knowledge of Xero payroll, processing and systems is essential for one of these positions. The successful candidate will possess: A bright, happy and hard-working disposition Strong Computer Skills (Mac & PC) using Xero, Xero payroll, MYOB, Word, Excel and Apple Mail  Well-developed written and oral communication skills High attention to detail Ability to follow procedures, take direction and multi-task Time management and prioritisation skills Enthusiasm and a willingness to learn Ability to work independently and within a team Applicants must have an unrestricted right to work in Australia If you possess the above skills and experience and would like to work in a fast-paced team environment, we encourage you to apply now.  * All applications are to be submitted through Seek. Due to the high volume of applications expected, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. 
 KI Group is a specialist provider of services to the Mining, Civil, Commercial, Industrial and Oil and Gas sectors. We are currently seeking a highly professional Commercial Administrator who is able to work as part of a small team and have attention to detail. The role will be based at our head office in Rockingham and the hours of work will be Monday-Friday 8.00am to 5.00pm. This position is available for an immediate start for the successful candidate. Reporting to the Commercial Manager, you will have experience in the following: High volume payroll processing on a weekly basis Superannuation Payroll Tax Accounts Receivable including Debt Collection Accounts Payable Bank Reconciliations Daily maintenance of the General Ledger Year End and Month End processing including journals Construction Long Service Leave (preferred but not essential) Other tasks as requested by the Commercial Manager Applicants must have the ability to work under pressure, work autonomously, have strong communication and interpersonal skills and work in a team environment. Sound computer skills in Microsoft Office and QuickBooks is preferred but not essential This role is essential to our business and as such, a minimum of 3 years demonstrable experience is required. In return, we will offer a salary plus superannuation which is commensurate with experience. Due to the high volume of applicants, only successful candidates will be contacted for an interview.   
 About the Opportunity: We are looking for a highly motivated individual to join our Quality & Risk team, applying your experience in designing and building risk management practices for managed services or process outsourcing. About the Work: If you are familiar with outsourcing or managed services' risk management then this may be the right opportunity for you You can also expect to: Guide operational teams in the design and development of managed services' or outsourcing risk frameworks, including Quality Assurance programs Conduct risk assessments on existing and new managed services Provide input on identifying and managing commercial risks in contracts for new engagement opportunities Design and implement governance and reporting capabilities for Quality Assurance program About you: We are looking for an energetic and enthusiastic risk management professional who can help us build and grow our risk management organisation. We want you to have strong attention to detail and excellent problem solving skills. You will also have: Experience in designing and implementing Quality Assurance (QA) processes and risk management within outsourcing or managed services (for example, professional services, business process outsourcing, or IT service management space) Supervision and managerial experience Experience in negotiations with different stakeholders in an organisation About us: Deloitte Culture We pride ourselves on our team of diverse, high performing Deloitte Professionals who are talented, supportive, inclusive and social - and who are at the heart of our success. Our aim is to ensure that all our people feel comfortable to bring their whole selves to work, and as a result, create a workplace that encourages the true spirit of 'And different'. From day one at our firm you'll be considered part of the Deloitte community and our development and career progression framework will help you develop the skills and capabilities you need to succeed - in every sense of the word. Next Steps Sounds exactly like the sort of job for you? Send through an application or contact Enya Farrell from the Deloitte Talent Team for further information. 
This is a 12 month contract opportunity to join an efficient, well-organised Payroll team within a high profile, employer of choice. Working alongside two other Payroll Advisers and reporting to a well-respected and tenured Payroll Manager, your passion and enthusiasm for Payroll will be key in securing this role.   You will be an experienced Payroll Officer, having a minimum of 5 years experience within a small team environment running a high volume payroll. You will have end-to-end experience using Chris 21, including calculation of timesheets, data entry, reporting and reconciliations (superannuation, payroll tax, PAYG etc).  You will be an enthusiastic and motivated Payroll Officer with strong attention to detail and communication skills. You will have worked in a corporate environment either in a stand alone or small team capacity, and you will ideally have substantial experience using Chris 21.  For more information please call David Coupe on 9775 5906, or hit 'Apply' and send through your CV. 
 Accounts Payable Officer $55K - $60K + Super International Organisation Are you looking for a work-life balance or perhaps a progressive Accounts Payable opportunity?     We are recruiting an Accounts Payable Officer to join a global leader near Sydney Olympic Park. The company offers a fantastic innovative culture and people based environment.   This role will see the successful individual joining the Head Office team, working closely with key stakeholders and the finance function.   On offer is a fantastic supportive environment which actively supports individual's careers as well as providing a competitive benefit package.   Responsibilities for the role will include: Provide accurate and efficient invoice processing and payment services to multiple groups within the organisation Timely investigation and resolution of issues relating to invoices to both internal stakeholders and external vendors Action requests from the business regarding the payment of invoices, transfer of funds and settlements Processing of weekly payment runs Daily processing of bank transfers “ both internal and to 3rd parties - through online banking platform Review of invoice data entry for correction before posting to GL   Requirements for the role will include: Experience in a similar role Attention to detail Analytical ability Consistency “ key to achieving daily cut off deadlines Optimism/positive and proactive attitude to work Excellent communication skills Able to work both autonomously and be part of a team   If you are interested in this position and feel you meet the criteria then please contact Kate Goworek on 96412422 or send your CV to kateg@charterhouse.com.au  Quoting Accounts Payable Officer West.   
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices. Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  Who are we looking for? People with extensive experience and leadership roles in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? You will lead a team in one of the Compliance Sections; Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts; Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program; You will influence and develop strategy, policies, priorities and practices relating to the health provider compliance program. Who are you? You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and extensive experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will be comfortable and experienced exercising a considerable degree of independence with decision making substantially dependent on your high level judgement What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Strong Art. Strong Culture. Strong Communities. Ku Arts (Aá¹‰anguku Arts and Cultural Aboriginal Corporation) is an Aboriginal owned and governed visual arts organisation supporting the aspirations of artists and art centres across South Australia. We deliver programs supporting artists' professional development, cultural maintenance, art worker training, enterprise development and advocacy for ethical dealing with Indigenous artists. Our focus is to create opportunities for the production, promotion and marketing of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Island visual arts in South Australia. We do this by providing support services for member art centres and art workers in the APY Lands and Ceduna, as well as delivering the Statewide Indigenous Community Arts Development (SICAD) program for Aboriginal artists in communities across SA where there are no art centres. The Administration and Finance Officer will play a key role in ensuring the corporation meets the objectives of its strategic plan and ensure the compliant operations of our financial requirements and funding agreements. They will also provide key administrative support the Board of Directors, Finance and Audit Committee and Chief Executive Officer. In this newly created position, specific duties and responsibilities will include: Payroll including payroll tax, superannuation and work cover Debtor payments and invoicing Reconciliations of bank statements and credit cards Preparation and lodgment of IAS statements Month end procedures and reporting Compiling and distributing financial reports Provide governance support to the CEO and Board, including arrangements for meetings and conferences Coordinate director, artist and staff travel arrangements for meetings and events Developing and monitoring operational and project budgets Assistance with grant writing and funding acquittals Update corporation policies and procedures as required Managing insurances and vehicle registrations Managing corporation asset register Liaise with external tax accountant and auditor to ensure compliance Maintain accurate company records Maintain and update corporation databases as required“ contacts, artists and artworks General office administration and duties supporting the CEO and Arts Development Officer as required The role will be based in our Adelaide office at Tandanya, Level 2, 253 Grenfell Street Kaurna Yarta, Adelaide. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander candidates are strongly encouraged to apply for this position   For a copy of the Job Description visit www.anangukuarts.com.au/jobs    To apply please send a cover letter addressing the selection criteria outlined in the job description (no more than 2 pages) and your current CV to Marie Falcinella, Chief Executive Officer ceo@anangukuarts.com.au For enquiries about the position contact Ku Arts on 08 8227 2788     
 Kilcoy Pastoral Company Limited (KPC) is seeking an experienced Accountant to join our Finance team. Working collaboratively within the team, this role offers the successful candidate the opportunity to contribute to the organisation's financial accounting functions and support the achievement of overall business outcomes and compliance requirements. Key Responsibilities will include: Assisting in the delivery of accurate and timely Financial Accounting functions  such as; - Financial transaction processing and compliance - Statutory reporting and compliance - Tax reporting and compliance     (Income Tax, GST, PAYG, BAS, FBT and R&D) - Group reporting - Board reporting        Assisting in maintaining  the company's Foreign Exchange contracts and transactions Remaining up to date with current legislation that impacts on Financial Accounting responsibilities, including but not limited to Accounting standards and Taxation Law Contributing to the improvement of financial processes and systems The ideal candidate will bring; Degree Qualification in Accounting CPA/CA qualified or working towards At least 3 years' experience in a large accounting firm or similar role      Experience with Microsoft Dynamics AX an advantage, but not essential              A solid understanding of statutory, tax and accounting reporting and compliance        Demonstrated commitment to continuous improvement in all aspects of work Effective time management skills with an ability to work autonomously, under pressure and to deadlines High level verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills Solutions focused with an ability to follow through Self-motivation and ability to demonstrate initiative and contribute to team performance This is an ideal opportunity for someone who has gained experience in a large accounting firm and is looking to move out of public practice, or has experience working in a similar role. If you are someone who has a drive to succeed and is seeking to expand their career with one of Australia's leading export beef processors, please click the ˜Apply Now' button below. 
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices. Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  Who are we looking for? People with extensive experience and leadership roles in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? You will lead a team in one of the Compliance Sections; Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts; Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program; You will influence and develop strategy, policies, priorities and practices relating to the health provider compliance program. Who are you? You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and extensive experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will be comfortable and experienced exercising a considerable degree of independence with decision making substantially dependent on your high level judgement What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Senior Analyst role with Big 4 bank in Melbourne CBD Your new company Hays client is a leading bank that requires a Senior Finance Analyst to produce and provide commercial financial analysis and insights to drive business performance. Your new role Provide detailed financial analysis to enable finance partners to provide commercial and financial advice Assist in the production of financial and non-financial results, performance drivers, scenarios and recommended action plans in order improve Business performance Provide insight and analysis on change initiatives, financial implications, resourcing commitment and delivery dates to enable finance to maximise change agenda benefits/value to the organisation. Provide input into the Strategic and Operation Plan to ensure Business commitments and objectives are met through an understanding of Business conditions and Group requirements. Assess, analyse, and investigate aspects of financial reporting, including understanding of variances to Business plan/expectations What you'll need to succeed CA/CPA qualified Ideally Big 4/2nd tier chartered training Demonstrated experience working in a similar Senior Analyst role ideally within a large corporate Expertise in financial analysis, management reporting & analytics Solid understanding of expense and revenue drivers. Proven capabilities in driving continuous improvement initiatives to uplift business performance and support decision making What you'll get in return Competitive salary package and bonus scheme, genuine career progression and state of the art modern offices in the heart of Melbourne CBD What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact John Summers at Hays for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Love going to work each day with a skilled team who give everyone the freedom to make improvements and impact Use your technical knowledge and skills to further your career in a supportive environment EGM Partners: Financial Recruitment is currently looking 2 Accountants to join one of our clients - a growing well-known business in Adelaide. The company is in a period of growth while they add to their operations in South Australia and as a result are looking to add to their accounting team. The role: Reporting to the Financial Controller, this role is responsible for the integrity of the Corporate Accounting and Management of Group Accounting Functions. Assisting in the implementation of new business and financial plans Leading a small team of assistan accountants Preparing and taking ownership of required financial reporting Developing and maintaining a quality system of internal financial control and reporting Providing operational support and direction, in line with business needs Liaison with external tax advisors and auditors About you: We are not looking for someone who has necessarily done all the parts of this role already. We are more concerned with attitude, ability to learn and desire to become a great accountant. Experience: Qualified (or part-qualified) accountant in a Big 4 or medium sized accounting firm Sound knowledge of financial accounting and and enjoy working as part of a team. You will be able to give examples of how you have shown your initiative, what you have done to improve processes and how you have made a positive impact and result for your clients. You will be known for your great relationship-building skills and want to sharpen your all-round accounting skills.  =     
   Accounts Payable/Receivable/Payroll Administrator                            Accounts Payable/Payroll Administrator   Part-Time Employment, 3 days per week Lonsdale, South Australia Working in the Oil & Gas Industry Contract Resources, established in 1989, is a dynamic global organisation providing specialised Industrial and Mechanical services to Refineries, LNG, Petrochemical and Industrial Plants. We have operations based in Australia, New Zealand and Middle East. Our client services include, Catalyst Handling, Mechanical Services, Tank Cleaning, Environmental Services, Industrial Coatings and Pipeline Services. Safety is at the heart of our company culture.   We are currently looking for an experienced part time Accounts Payable/Payroll Administrator to work at our Lonsdale, South Australia office. Candidates are required to have a strong commitment to workplace Health & Safety and key responsibilities and requirements will include;   Assist in the processing of invoices, purchase orders and creditor reconciliation Follow up on collecting and allocating payments Update changes to payroll files and maintain payroll and accounts records Assist the payroll officer with weekly timesheet processing Calculate earning, assess and apply appropriate deductions and determine entitlements Prepare and generate payroll reports and assist in end of month reporting Ensure adherence to internal quality procedures Other payroll administrative duties as administered by the reporting Manager.  Ideal candidates will have:   Excellent communication skills and courteous telephone manner. NZ payroll exposure is essential. Strong computer skills, including Microsoft Office. High speed and accuracy of data entry. Attention to detail and a positive 'can do' attitude. Ability to prioritise workload and meet deadlines Ability to cope with changing project and task priorities. Ability to work independently, show initiative and have strong organisational skills. Willingness to learn and to take responsibility for a variety of tasks, as required. Both qualifications and experience in payroll administration.We offer part-time employment, 3 days per week, with above award wages as well as the opportunity to work for a fast growing and international company. You will be required to complete a satisfactory pre-employment medical including drug and alcohol testing. If you are seeking a challenging and rewarding role with a dynamic, growing organisation, please forward your resume and covering letter to recruitment@contractresources.com   Contract Resources acknowledges the Traditional Owners of the lands on which we work., As part of our efforts to positively impact the communities and broader economies in which we operate, we strongly encourage Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders to apply. We are also an equal opportunity employer in compliance with WGEA and encourage applicants from all genders.       Application closes on: Friday, 27 April 2018    
 Opportunity for Senior Analyst in Internal Audit Showcase your exceptional Internal Audit and Risk Management skills and experience Broad exposure to senior management across key stakeholder groups. We're NAB Today, we have more than 35,000 people serving 10 million customers at more than 800 locations in Australia, New Zealand and around the world. We know that to be Australia and New Zealand's most respected bank, we need to be more than good with money. We need to be just as good with people, too. We strive to embrace diversity of thought, style and working arrangements to ensure our workforce is representative of the community that we serve. We believe in people with ideas and dreams, and we want you to achieve your aspirations. At NAB we work together to deliver exceptional outcomes that push the limits of expectations. Our passion about creating value and exceeding our customers' expectations means we're constantly striving to redefine our standards of excellence. About the role An exciting permanent opportunity has arisen for a Senior Analyst, Internal Audit to support the planning, execution, and reporting of Internal Audit activity as set out in the annual Audit Plan. The role will assist with the execution of Internal Audit work across various divisions in NAB.  We are looking for someone with the ability to collaborate with all levels of management to develop and agree practical outcomes, and it would be ideal if you have proven knowledge of financial services. Responsibilities Your day to day responsibilities will include (but not be limited to):- Supporting the Manager/Head of and General Manager in planning and delivering audit activities Overseeing all streams of audit assignment from planning through to reporting Providing leadership, direction and guidance to team members during audit  assignments Proactively identifying and driving efficiency opportunities within Audit and the broader enterprise via audit findings and outcomes Raising and discussing with executive management review findings and risk and commercial based solutions and action plans Represent the team at client and stakeholder forums Driving the desired Enterprise culture within the team Skills & experience To succeed in this role, you must be able to work in a fast-paced, at times ambiguous and complex environment and have: Extensive in-depth experience in Internal audit and / or Risk Management Relevant post graduate qualification (eg CA / CPA / CISA / CISM/ CIA)  Demonstrable experience and ability in gaining an understanding of the business' risk and control environment Ability to engage and communicate with influence across a wide range of stakeholders Prior financial services experience will be highly regarded Benefits At NAB, we provide access to a large number of exclusive employee benefits that will support you both personally and professionally. These include volunteer leave, education and learning benefits and banking & financial services discounts for example. Visit our benefits page for more information http://www.nab.com.au/about-us/careers/working-at-nab/benefits How to apply If you are looking for a role that will give you excellent exposure across the business and allow you to utilise your existing knowledge and skills in a new environment, then this role in the NAB audit division is the opportunity for you! If you have prior audit experience and knowledge of financial markets, then please apply and take a career step that will give you more than money! Please note, candidate screening and interviews may take place prior to the advertised close date. To be eligible to apply, you must have Australian or New Zealand citizenship or permanent residency status. Please apply via the link. 
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices. Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  Who are we looking for? People with extensive experience and leadership roles in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? You will lead a team in one of the Compliance Sections; Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts; Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program; You will influence and develop strategy, policies, priorities and practices relating to the health provider compliance program. Who are you? You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and extensive experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will be comfortable and experienced exercising a considerable degree of independence with decision making substantially dependent on your high level judgement What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Join a well known Chinese Property Developer. Your new company A successful Chinese Property Developer are are seeking a Financial Accountant to join their finance team on a 8 month maternity cover contract. Your new role The Financial Accountant will be responsible for the processing, compilation and analysis of monthly results. This includes, but is not limited to: Preparation of annual accounts for all entities Month end and quarter end financial reporting Budgeting & forecasting Monthly Invoicing Compliance with tax and statutory requirements What you'll need to succeed You will be CA/CPA qualified/part qualified: Ideally have come from a property development background Ability to analyse and prepare financial information Ability to report and present financial data that is clear, concise and easily understood at all levels in the organisation What you'll get in return An immediate start with a successful property developer in an all round accounting role. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' or forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to bryn.morgan@hays.com.au or call Bryn Morgan on 96049633. 
 Accounts Payable Officer $57K + Super International Organisation Are you looking for a progressive Accounts Payable opportunity with an international organisation set in a friendly, commercial environment?   We are recruiting an Accounts Payable Officer to join a global leader in Sydney CBD. The company offers a fantastic innovative culture and people based environment.   This role will see the successful individual joining the Head Office team, working closely with key stakeholders and the finance function.   On offer is a fantastic supportive environment which actively supports individual's careers as well as providing a competitive benefit package.   Responsibilities for the role will include: Provide accurate and efficient invoice processing and payment services to multiple groups within the organisation Timely investigation and resolution of issues relating to invoices to both internal stakeholders and external vendors Action requests from the business regarding the payment of invoices, transfer of funds and settlements Processing of weekly payment runs Daily processing of bank transfers “ both internal and to 3rd parties - through online banking platform Review of invoice data entry for correction before posting to GL   Requirements for the role will include: Experience in a similar role Attention to detail Analytical ability Consistency “ key to achieving daily cut off deadlines Optimism/positive and proactive attitude to work Excellent communication skills Able to work both autonomously and be part of a team If you are interested in this position and feel you meet the criteria then please contact Kate Goworek on 96412422 or send your CV to kateg@charterhouse.com.au  Quoting Accounts Payable Officer Sydney CBD. 
 This international mid-tier firm boasts a full suite of services to an established and diverse client base. Your new company This Melbourne CBD based firm is seeking an intermediate accountant, looking to join their professional and down to earth team. This firm offers clients a full suite of services, with the ability to provide their clients with a high level of technical expertise. Your new role The role will include duties such as however not limit to: Preparation of income tax returns Fringe benefits tax returns Tax advice Tax planning Preparation of financial statements Ensuring financial records are in order Liaising with the ATO What you'll need to succeed In this role, you will be required to have at least 3 years' experience working in an Australian Accounting Practice in a Business Services and Tax capacity. You will have excellent communication skills and be proficient in computer literacy and tax software. You will be CA/CPA qualified or working towards completion, with a strong desire to learn and progress your career further. What you'll get in return In return, you will receive competitive remuneration, with the opportunity to work in a mid-tier firm with a broad range of diverse clients. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Tom Miles now 96049517 now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 James Barker House The Salvation Army Adult Services Network James Barker House is a purpose built aged care facility in Footscray that has the capacity to house 120 socially and financially disadvantaged persons, many of whom have long histories of homelessness. We seek a qualified and enthusiastic Finance Officer with a minimum of 3 years experience in residential aged care. The successful applicant for this role will have the: Ability to deliver effective and timely provision of financial reports, data entry, bank reconciliations; accounts payable/receivable and other relevant financial requests. Ability to reconcile complex accounts Good understanding of budgeting and month end procedures Well-developed organisational, administrative and time management skills Proficient use of financial systems software and  Microsoft Office suite Prerequisites: Minimum Diploma in Accounting or equivalent field experience. Working within the mission values of The Salvation Army, you will be committed to the provision of innovative, flexible, responsive services to our care recipients within a strong quality framework. Remuneration is in accordance with the provisions of the current EBA. For a copy of the Position Description please visit our website www.salvationarmy.org.au/en/About-Us/Work-With-Us..  then click on the DOWNLOAD link at the top of the page To discuss the position, please contact Richard Flanagan (Facility Manager) on (03) 9283 4000. Applications Your application must address the job competencies in the position description and include a cover letter, resume and completed Application Form. Name and phone numbers of two referees who can comment on your work skills should also be provided. APPLICATIONS NOT ADDRESSING THE JOB COMPETENCIES WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED. Applications stating the position title should be sent to the Assistant Manager - Business Administration at Adult Services, PO Box 506, North Melbourne, 3051 or adultservices@aus.salvationarmy.org Applications close at 5pm Friday, 27 April 2018. All applicants must have a satisfactory aged care Police Check that is no more than 3 months old. The Salvation Army is an equal opportunity employer. 
 About the Company We are currently recruiting for an experienced Payroll Officer to join a well-established company that has been has been in operation for over 40 years. Joining a leader in the industry this role will see you take your Payroll experience to the next level while working on exciting multimillion dollar projects in a challenging and collaborative environment. About the Role This role will enable you to utilise your full function payroll experience within a close-knit, supportive team. Duties Processing weekly and fortnightly payroll Leave calculations including parental, maternity, long service and annual etc. Month end and year end reporting Award and EBA interpretation Assisting with payroll queries and enquiries as required Assisting with general accounting functions Processing invoices Skills and Experience Prior experience in a similar role is essential Exceptional organisation skills with a strong attention to detail Experience dealing with high volume workloads where prioritisation is key Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal A can-do attitude and a friendly personality Package on offer This is an exciting role for the Melbourne market, that will see you joining one of Australia's leading organisations. You will also be rewarded with these exciting benefits: Salary up to $70K package Modern working environment Close to public transport Monday - Friday hours Apply now by clicking APPLY Below or call Alessia on 8624 2515 for a confidential chat about this role and many more. 
 Payroll Officer $70K + Super Global Organisation Are you looking for a challenging and investigative role? A global leader based in North Sydney are recruiting a Payroll Officer to join their finance function.  Set in a friendly and commercial environment, this company is looking for an individual with experience in end to end Payroll to ensure accurate and timely payment of salaries and wages.   The company offers a fantastic innovative culture and people based environment and will see the successful individual joining the Head Office team, working closely with key stakeholders and the finance function.  Responsibilities for the role will include: Processing and checking of weekly, fortnightly and monthly payroll for over 1000 employees as part of a team Understanding and completion of end to end payroll across all businesses and pay cycles Provision of information and payments for all statutory requirements (e.g. Superannuation, payroll tax, PAYG etc.) Maintaining employee files in respect of payroll obligations/issues Auditing of payrolls to ensure legislative and EBA/Award compliance Continual improvement of payroll operations Assisting management and staff with payroll related enquiries Working closely with Finance and HR to implement processes for the improvement and updating of the payroll function  Requirements for the role will include: Experience in a similar role Attention to detail Analytical ability Consistency “ key to achieving daily cut off deadlines Optimism/positive and proactive attitude to work Excellent communication skills Able to work both autonomously and be part of a team  If you are interested in this position and feel you meet the criteria, then please contact Kate Goworek with your CV to kateg@charterhouse.com.au  ;  Quoting Payroll Officer North Shore.     
 The Company¦.. Integrity & excellence has been at the forefront of this organization since its inception and due to this, they have built a fantastic reputation both in Australia and China. This company provides their staff with an exciting work environment, approachable colleagues and autonomy to do their role, and do it well.   The Job¦¦ Reporting through to the Manager, you will be responsible for the following duties: Accounts Receivable duties “ collections, allocations, reconciliations Accounts Payable “ entering invoices into MYOB, processing payments Processing payroll through MYOB Bank reconciliations Assisting with BAS & IAS   The Benefits.... Flexible working arrangements Growing firm with new business opportunities on the horizon Opportunity to evolve and grow with the company   You¦. To be successful in this role, you must have experience in the following areas: Ideally you will have 3 years experience working in an accounts support capacity Proven experience working with MYOB Degree qualified is advantageous Mandarin / Cantonese & English language skills are necessary   How to apply¦.. Sound interesting? If so, send your application to jquigley@sbrecruitment.com or call Jenny Quigley on 02 9002 5000 for a confidential conversation. 
This well-known and established Australian media company is currently seeking a Finance Business Partner / Commercial Analyst with approximately 2 to 4 years of experience in a similar role. The position will have a significant impact on the organisation as the candidate will be tasked with providing strategic commercial recommendations that will drive company-wide changes. The role is based out of the CBD and reports into the Finance Manager. The company culture is exceptional and the position encompasses 60% ad-hoc responsibilities focusing on various projects and analyses.  This role will be responsible for: Business partnering with various internal stakeholders to drive strategic commercial recommendations Providing financial analysis for the development of KPIs company-wide Working with other commercial analysts and specialists to test business ideas and provide feedback on various initiatives Financial modelling in Excel Designing projects for further business improvements CA or CPA qualification is NOT required. Previous management consulting experience is highly preferred. Interested? Click on "Apply now!" 
 This leading Sydney based University finds itself extremely well positioned in the current climate and is currently looking to appoint an energetic and high performing Financial Performance Analyst on a permanent basis.    This is a new role, so the candidate will need to be able to take on all responsibilities with enthusiasm and then be able to expand the role as the scope of the responsibilities grows in response to the needs of the University.    The position will require strong relationships to be built across the University in which to elicit trust and build credibility. The position will provide impactful reporting and analytics to deliver insights to enable critical business decisions to be made across the University to ensure the University is on track to the achievement of the research strategy.       This is a great role where you will sit with the business and be pivotal in producing information that can drive the way the business is run. It is incredibly commercial and requires someone just as commercial to come on board.    The successful qualified accounting candidate must have; Astute financial modelling and analysis skills, including ability to build and maintain detailed models, draw on data from disparate processes and systems to ensure data integrity and align analysis to strategy in order to communicate accurate and relevant information. Have acute attention to detail, however be able to come out of the detail in which to succinctly communicate the critical messages to stakeholders, most of which will be very senior, University Executives, Faculty Executives and CFO, etc. For further information or a confidential career discussion, please contact Adam Bradley on 02 9226 4484 
 Immediate Start Credit Control Role - Retail Business - Close to Transport - Flexible Work Environment. Your new company Exciting Opportunity for an Experienced Credit Control Officer within a Growing Retail Organisation. Currently seeking a Credit controller Officer to manage their key Australian accounts on a permanent basis. Your new role Full Function Credit Control Role High volume Invoices Initiate and maintain credit control actions Liaise with clients for invoice related queries Identify doubtful and bad debts Account reconciliations Generating tax invoices and credit notes Ad hoc assistance to administration staff as required What you'll need to succeed Experience in a Credit Control Position MYOB System Experience SME Company Background Retail or Service Industry advantageous Excellent Communication and Negotiation Skills Work under minimal supervision and being able to ˜think outside the box'. Investigate and resolve customer (internal/external) queries within deadlines What you'll get in return You will receive the opportunity to be part of an amazing team of talented individuals. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now 9804 5313. Or Email Sarah.Brooker@Hays.com.au If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 The Company A dominant international Top 10 Accounting firm who specialise in servicing the needs of private clients, SME's and international groups. This firm focuses on developing long-term relationships with their clients based on ongoing communication and contact. In this office, they have over 5 Partners and 40 staff, as a collective, their top priority is to continue to build on their reputation as the "trusted adviser". The Position As a senior accountant, some of the duties you will be responsible for are: Preparation of tax returns and financial statements for Companies, Partnerships & Trusts Consulting with clients and assist with preparing taxation advice, restructuring, asset protection and estate planning Develop strong and longstanding relationships with existing and new clients Helping other team members encouraging collaborative work Benefits Using the latest Cloud software in a paperless environment Highly focused on client satisfaction Diverse client base to broaden knowledge and skillset Full study support - paid leave and fees covered Collaborative and supportive working environment Professional development programs with clear career paths Competitive salaries and bonuses About You Hold a relevant degree qualification CA or CPA Qualified / Near completion 4 years + experience as a Business Services Accountant Experience dealing with clients directly, face to face meetings is a bonus Experience using MYOB & XERO Clear communication skills, both written and verbal Be comfortable communicating with staff at all levels If you are interested in this opportunity or would like more information, please apply below for a confidential discussion. Sam Sweeney 
Hornsby, Full Time, Payroll Please Quote Reference Number 68093 Excellent time management and organisation skills? Automotive industry experience highly regarded Join our award-winning team in Hornsby The Hornsby Automotive Group (representing Mazda and Mercedes-Benz) is a large multi awarding winning dealership group located on Sydney's North Shore. We're currently looking for an organised and experienced Payroll / Accounts Administrator to join our team in Hornsby working across both of our busy dealerships. To be considered for this role, you will need to have previous Payroll / Accounts Administration experience. Responsibilities will include (but will not be limited to): Payroll (for 130 staff across two dealerships) Accounts Receivable Coding Bank Statements Bank Reconciliations While previous automotive industry experience would be preferred, we are also interested in speaking to experienced Accounts professionals from other industries. This role will require you to: Be well presented and professional Have excellent organisation and time management skills Be energetic and 100% customer focused Have confident computer skills - Including Microsoft Excel A working knowledge of the Pentana ERA system will be an advantage Remuneration will be aligned with the skills and experience you bring to the role. This is a full time role working 8:30am - 5:00pm Monday to Friday. If you have great communication skills are self motivated and would like to work with a great group of people, APPLY NOW and fill in the online application form today! 
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices. Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  Who are we looking for? People with extensive experience and leadership roles in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? You will lead a team in one of the Compliance Sections; Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts; Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program; You will influence and develop strategy, policies, priorities and practices relating to the health provider compliance program. Who are you? You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and extensive experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will be comfortable and experienced exercising a considerable degree of independence with decision making substantially dependent on your high level judgement What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 About the business The Costa Group is Australia's leading Fresh Produce grower, marketer and supplier to the large retail supermarket chains throughout Australia. This specific Business Unit, the Berry business, is enjoying rapid success in producing a range of Berries including Blueberries, Raspberries, Strawberries and Blackberries. The Head office for this operation is at Corindi, just north of Coffs Harbour on the northern coast of NSW. The business has national farming operations in Queensland, NSW, Tasmania and West Australia and is ongoing in increasing its production capacity. This role will be based at Corindi which offers idyllic lifestyle opportunities. About the role This position will support the Financial Controller in making commercial decisions for this business. You will generate budgets, forecasting, pricing and costing models for reporting, and assist in deeper analysis into this business. Some other accountabilities: Assist with budgeting and the forecasting process. Assist with the preparation of monthly cash flow forecasts. Prepare and review of balance sheet and GL reconciliations. Group consolidations. Identifying areas for process improvement. Benefits and perks A highly competitive package will be negotiated and some relocation assistance will be offered where applicable. Skills and experience You will need to have an eye for detail with the underlying ability to draw sound conclusions for advising the business. You will be excited by the prospect of further developing your skills and will have a long term career focus. Some other relevant experience/skills: Capable of building strong working relationships with a variety of stakeholders across the business. Preferable experience in manufacturing, FMCG or food with medium sized companies or corporate identities. You will have CPA, CA, CIMA or equivalent qualifications and be able to demonstrate previous experience in dedicated Management Accountant, Cost Accountant or Plant Accountant roles. This is an exciting opportunity to transfer your skills developed whilst working in a business services/support role and apply them in an industry based position. This role will assist in substantially developing both your Financial and Management Accounting skills. 
 Accounts Payable Manager $90K + Super Global Organisation “ CBD Location    Are you looking for your next challenge? Looking for that step up in your Accounts Payable career? A multinational organisation based in Sydney CBD are recruiting an Accounts Payable Manager to join their expanding finance function.  Set in a friendly and commercial environment, this company is looking for an individual with experience in end to end Accounts Payable and excellent customer skills and supervisory skills to ensure the timely and accurate running of the AP team.   The company offers a fantastic innovative culture and people based environment and will see the successful individual joining the Head Office team, working closely with key stakeholders and the finance function.   Responsibilities for the role will include:   Effectively manage a team of Accounts Payable Officers through the end to end process Manage the weekly cash management strategies Oversee the corporate credit card policy and administration process Monitor AP queries and ensure issues are delegated as required Develop process improvements that will create increased efficiencies in the AP process Reconcile monthly ledger with GL Develop excellent relationships with relevant stakeholders in the wider business Train and develop team members accordingly   Requirements for the role will include: Experience in a similar role Consistency “ key to achieving daily cut off deadlines Optimism/positive and proactive attitude to work Excellent communication skills Well-developed problem solving skills and ability to develop innovative solutions If you are interested in this position and feel you meet the criteria, then please contact Kate Goworek with your CV to kateg@charterhouse.com.au ; Quoting Accounts Payable Manager CBD.   
 Looking to work close to home? Want the challenge of putting your skills to the test in a team that seeks excellence?  Jewell Moore is a highly regarded company on the Brisbane East / Bayside area that promotes a relaxed, enthusiastic and pro-active working environment.   Senior Accountant An exciting opportunity to take your honed skills and client focussed approach to a new level. It is a varied role, working closely with the Principal and owner of the practice, towards growing the business and taking Jewell Moore to the next stage in its development. Will include hands on client involvement and work flow management. The Role Reporting directly to the Principal of the firm, you will be involved in compliance work as well as the firm's advisory services. Your role will include, but not be limited to: Preparation of Financial Statements. Preparation of Income Tax Returns. Preparation of Management Reports. Preparation of BAS & GST Compliance. Assisting the Principal with a wide variety of Business Advisory services. Skills & Experience Required Ideally CA Qualified; Exceptional English communication and interpersonal skills; Ideally have 5 years plus post graduate experience within a professional accounting firm; Strong knowledge of tax and accounting, with experience in Trusts, Companies and SMSF; Strong computer skills; The ability to take a job from start to finish; Effective time management and organisational skills; Possess excellent written and verbal communication skills; Confident in dealing directly with Clients; Must have a can do attitude; Strong attention to detail. Remuneration will be based on relevant experience. Immediate Start Date If you feel you are up for the challenge and meet the experience and skills listed above, please email your resume and references to jobs@¦show email JOB CLOSING : 27 April 2018 
 Plantation Homes is one of Queensland's leading home builders and is a proud partner of the Sumitomo Forestry Group. A true market innovator, Plantation Homes continues to lead the way in the latest in new home design, pioneering sustainable and environmental initiatives across our extensive range of new homes. It is also an organisation that values philanthropy and has a strong sense of corporate social responsibility with a long standing commitment to many charities. The business forms part of the Henley Properties Group, one of Australia's leading new home builders with a turnover in access of $800M. The Group is well known for providing exceptional employment opportunities and its ability to develop careers. Due to sustained growth at Plantation, our Finance team is currently seeking an experienced Accounts Payable Officer to join the accounts team located at our QLD head office in Springwood. Reporting to the State Accountant and working within our close knit finance team, you will be responsible for weekly sub-contractor payments along with end of month supplier payments with the possibility of working across our Accounts Receivable team. Specific duties will include, but not limited to: Matching invoices with purchase orders and processing a high volume of invoices Supplier reconciliations and creditor statements. Liaising with creditors and construction supervisors regarding account/invoice queries Other general duties as and when required The successful applicant has: Demonstrated success within a similar high volume accounts payable role (150 to 200 invoices a day) Excellent time management and prioritisation skills Attention to detail and ability to resolve accounts payable related issues Experience in using a large ERP such as SAP, Oracle, Dynamics AX, (pref. only) A can do attitude Self-motivated and the ability to meet deadlines Ability to work proficiently in a team Our Culture & Benefits Our team members enjoy the flexible, stable and rewarding work environment within our Award winning business. We encourage personal development, and constantly look at ways to recognise the efforts of our people. The successful applicant will receive competitive remuneration, ongoing training & development along with significant supplier discounts and the opportunity to learn from industry leaders! If this sounds like the opportunity you have been waiting for, and you want to work within a successful, award-winning team, click APPLY now to submit your application. Please note, due to a high volume of applicants, only successful interviewees will be contacted. Thank you. 
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices. Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  Who are we looking for? People with extensive experience and leadership roles in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? You will lead a team in one of the Compliance Sections; Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts; Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program; You will influence and develop strategy, policies, priorities and practices relating to the health provider compliance program. Who are you? You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and extensive experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will be comfortable and experienced exercising a considerable degree of independence with decision making substantially dependent on your high level judgement What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices. Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  Who are we looking for? People with extensive experience and leadership roles in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? You will lead a team in one of the Compliance Sections; Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts; Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program; You will influence and develop strategy, policies, priorities and practices relating to the health provider compliance program. Who are you? You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and extensive experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will be comfortable and experienced exercising a considerable degree of independence with decision making substantially dependent on your high level judgement What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 This is a fantastic opportunity to join one of Australia's most progressive companies. The organisation has a track record of success, consistent growth and the complexity to offer you multiple career options. If you're looking for a business that promotes on merit, not longevity, then this is the opportunity for you.    Reporting to the Divisional Commercial Manager and partnering with multiple non-finance stakeholders, you will provide high level and meaningful analytical insight.  Acting as a business partner to the Sales team, you will be responsible for customer profitability, product profitability, divisional budgets and forecasts, management reporting and operational performance.  In addition to this, you will partner will a number of divisional managers on ad hoc projects.   This is a highly visible role that requires you to present to the senior leadership team, so presentation skills, self-confidence and excellent communication skills are a prerequisite. You will be able to demonstrate your experience in a value-add business partnering role. To be successful, you will display strong commercial acumen, be able to display initiative and challenge the status quo. This is a career development opportunity where the organisation see's you moving into a Commercial Management role within a couple of years. A track record of partnering with a sales time is required. Please apply below for further information. 
 Mulpha Australia Limited (MAL) is a diversified Australian investment platform that executes through numerous entities, who are all recognised leaders in their fields. MAL's purpose is to be recognised as an active, astute and respected industry participant in the acquisition, development and management of a range of property and lifestyle investments including shopping centres, office towers, hotels and leisure assets, hotel schools, integrated residential, retail and commercial developments, carparks, and winery and vineyard operations. The Accountant - Property & Investment (AP&I) role would best suit candidates seeking the opportunity to take a hands-on and pro-active approach to accounting. This role presents the opportunity to take ownership of the financial reporting of a portfolio of properties and operating businesses. In day-to-day work, the AP&I will have regular contact with the Finance Manager - Property & Investment (FMP&I), Senior Asset Manager, Finance Analyst and other senior business leaders. This role offers significant opportunity for career progression and professional development into the future.   Working closely with the FMP&I, the AP&I is responsible for providing timely and accurate reporting of a portfolio of properties and operating businesses. The main duties of the role include but are not limited to: Analysing and reviewing monthly actuals, forecasts and variance commentary of each investment property, as prepared by the external manager; Preparing monthly actuals, forecasts and variance commentary of numerous operating businesses including revenue recognition, accruals, prepayments, bank reconciliations, and employee leave movements; Preparing annual budget presentation pack for the portfolio; Preparing cashflow forecasts; Preparing FBT, BAS and Parking Levy returns; Preparing income tax reconciliations and annual Statutory Accounts; Identifying, developing and implementing management reporting systems and processes, which are efficient, effective, clearly communicated, well documents, and forward looking; and Assisting in the periodic audit process (both internal and external), as required. The successful applicant will possess: Degree and CPA/CA/CIMA qualified (or workings towards); Minimum of 3 years' in a similar role; Big 4 or medium tier experience ideally within property (preferred); Intermediate knowledge of accounting theory and MS Excel; Superior attention to detail, analytical thought, strong numerical skills, business acumen and commercial awareness; Excellent communication skills both written and verbal and ability to work to tight reporting deadlines and prioritise workload; Results oriented and forward thinking, with the ability to establish and maintain rapport with internal and external stakeholders and work well within a team environment. Applications close Friday, 11 March 2018 at 2pm. Please note that if a large volume of applications are received, the closing date may be brought forward. In light of this, we encourage you to complete your application at your earliest convenience. Applications received without a cover letter and resume will not be considered for the role. Mulpha is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer, with a focus on our employees. We treasure skills, expertise and commitment. Our goal is to attract, develop, motivate, reward and retain the best people in the industry. No Recruitment agencies please. SK936841A 
 Work with Australia's #1 online Tax Agent “ providing convenience and great online tax services to clients Join our vibrant and successful team of Tax Reviewers and Registered Tax Agents. A great way to earn an additional income, with the ability to determine your own workload and working hours operating within the comfort of your own home. This is a short-term contract for the upcoming tax season only. Our client base consists of: Individual tax payers Small and Medium size Enterprise Our online systems help you to efficiently review client tax returns prior to lodgement. System training is provided to help you in the process. Responsibilities include: Reviewing client tax returns Requesting further information or documents from clients where required Advising when tax refunds can be improved Adhering to TPB, ATO and in-house guidelines Lodging compliant and honest returns Responding professionally to all correspondence (both internal and external) Skills include: 2-3 years' current Australian Individual Tax Return experience Current experience lodging and reviewing individual and business tax returns Excellent written communication skills Able to work efficiently and independently Role Requirements:    Reliable computer and high speed internet Able to respond promptly to correspondence within a 24 hour time-frame Please note: Due to a large volume of returns at our practice, you must be available from the beginning of June to the middle of August. Training commences early June, in preparation for work starting July 1st. If this position sounds right for you, we want to hear from you! Please copy and paste the URL below into your preferred browser to apply. https://etax.peoplehr.net/Pages/JobBoard/Opening.aspx?v=5674b4fd-2ad2-4433-96df-2b37ae9f1699 Any other enquiries please contact Human Resources on (07) 3457 5193. 
 The role offers a variety of interesting work and scope to really make a difference to the company! The position is part time with approx. hours12-18 hrs per week. Depending on skills, other roles can be included to add in extra hours. Responsibilities: Full monthly management reporting cycle to include, budgeting, forecasting, analysis and reporting Bank reconciliation. Completing GST returns and BAS Day to day account payable and receivable matters. Fortnightly payroll. Review all month end closing activities including general ledger maintenance, balance sheet reconciliations and overhead cost allocation Managing the annual budget process and quarterly forecasts Detailed variance analysis discussions with budget holders to include mentoring, coaching and change management Assisting with an upcoming systems implementation project including reconciliation and integration work Train new staff to ensure they follow correct process and are aware of internal controls Managing stocktake processes and cycle counts Monitoring key KPI's for the company around cost management, stock holdings and efficiencies Provide suggestions to management on cost improvements based on analysis Liaising with non-financial staff and helping to understand business trends and possible improvements  Requirements: Qualified accountant or progressions towards CPA & CA Manufacturing experience highly desirable Min 5 year local experience in similar role; Flexible attitude and strong interpersonal skills are a must as you will be operating in an ever changing environment Applications close 20th April 2018. 
   The Company¦..   This internationally renowned company in experiencing rapid growth and is seeking enthusiastic and passionate talent to assist with full functioning Accounts Payable. The organisation uses efficient systems and does what is can to assist companies reduce their ecological footprint.     Benefits: Extremely stable employer who have been in the market for over 90 years. Permanent employment possibilities come with this role Relaxed, professional and friendly working environment Parking provided AND close to public transport Approachable and supportive Management team   The Job¦..   Reporting through to the Accounts Payable Manager, you will be responsible for the following duties:   End to end accounts payable while working off your own ledger of commercial accounts Reviewing staff expenses and claims and ensuring they are within the orgnaisational guidelines. Liaising with Management to make suggestions on claims and assessment on risk Liaising with staff regarding guidelines for claims and reimbursements   You¦.   To be successful in this role, you must have experience in the following areas:   Min 1 years' experience within an end to end accounts payable role Experienced in using SAP is necessary Strong written & verbal communication skills   How to apply¦..   Looking to make the move to a global, stable and growing organisation?  Then be quick to apply!  Send your application to bscott@sbrecuritment.com or call Belle on 02 9002 5000 for a confidential conversation. 
 Senversa Pty Ltd is a fast paced, national, Australian employee owned environmental and engineering consulting firm, with offices in Melbourne, Sydney, Perth and Adelaide.  Are you looking for a role with an immediate start where you can work in a high performing and valued business support team with autonomy and opportunity for personal growth and development?  We are seeking a diligent, energetic and customer service orientated individual to join our high volume fast paced finance team.  Working 2-3 days per week located in our central CBD based office, you will be responsible for matching, batching and coding of invoices, processing invoices, and assisting with supplier and internal staff queries. You will be an experienced Accounts Payable candidate who is used to working in large, high volume transactional environments. To be successful in this role you will be a motivated self-starter with great attention to detail.  You will also possess excellent communication skills, be adaptable, be positive and action oriented, and able to meet deadlines with often conflicting priorities. Experience working in a dynamic professional services firm or corporate environment in a similar role will be highly regarded, but is not essential. 
 Credit Officer $70K + Super Global Organisation  Are you looking for a challenging and investigative role? A global leader based near Blacktown are recruiting a Credit Officer to join their finance function.  Set in a friendly and commercial environment, this company is looking for an individual with experience in consumer credit and excellent customer skills to ensure the timely collection of debt.   The company offers a fantastic innovative culture and people based environment and will see the successful individual joining the Head Office team, working closely with key stakeholders and the finance function.   Responsibilities for the role will include: Collection of outstanding consumer accounts Refer debts appropriately to external debt collection companies Effectively negotiate favourable outcomes on debts referred, within given guidelines Ensure bad debts are written off in a timely and accurate manner Manage & Resolve customer queries within target time frames Liaise with internal stakeholders including Account Managers and Customer Service staff regarding credit management and other customer accounting matters that arise   Requirements for the role will include: Experience in a similar role Consistency “ key to achieving daily cut off deadlines Optimism/positive and proactive attitude to work Excellent communication skills Able to work both autonomously and be part of a team Exposure to high volume, low value transactions Well-developed problem solving skills and ability to develop innovative solutions If you are interested in this position and feel you meet the criteria, then please contact Kate Goworek with your CV to kateg@charterhouse.com.au  ; Quoting Credit Officer West.   
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices. Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  Who are we looking for? People with extensive experience and leadership roles in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? You will lead a team in one of the Compliance Sections; Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts; Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program; You will influence and develop strategy, policies, priorities and practices relating to the health provider compliance program. Who are you? You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and extensive experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will be comfortable and experienced exercising a considerable degree of independence with decision making substantially dependent on your high level judgement What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 About the Company We are currently working with a leading, private organisation who are currently looking for an experienced Senior Payroll officer to join their growing team. This role will see you joining a large company that has been in operation for over 150 years. About the Role Running the end to end payroll using Chris21 Processing new starters, terminations and redundancies Calculation and payment of all other employment taxes and obligations including payroll tax, WorkCover and Workers Compensation. Ensuring that superannuation payments are calculated and paid in accordance with legislation Assisting with payroll queries and enquiries as required Assisting with payroll related projects Skills & Experience Previous experience using a large system is essential Experience using cloud based systems such as Work Day or Success Factors is desired Exceptional organisation skills with a strong attention to detail Extensive knowledge of awards and EBA's Australian legislation knowledge Experience dealing with high volume workloads where prioritisation is key Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal A can-do attitude and a friendly personality This reputable company is looking for a hands on Senior Payroll Officer who is confident across full function payroll and can operate in a fast paced environment. If you are a skilled Senior Payroll Officer and looking to advance your payroll career, then I'd love to hear from you. To APPLY please hit the APPLY NOW button and send your resume through or alternatively call Leona at TwoScots Recruitment on 03 8624 2510. 
 The Homeloans Group is one of Australia's leading non-bank lenders, with over 30 years of experience. Homeloans specialise in home loans and have a wide range of product which include residential and commercial options to meet the need of all types of customers from first home buyers to investors. We pride ourselves on our service which has seen us win a number of industry awards. Reporting to the General Manager, Finance, the purpose of the this role is to oversee the Accounts Payable and Commissions functions for the group, as well as provide financial accounting solutions and support to the Homeloans Finance team. The successful candidate will be responsible for: Supervision and review of the daily invoice approval process Manage external stakeholder relationships with vendors and brokers Assist with the preparation of the monthly financial statements and the statutory accounts for the Homeloans Group Ensure journals and reconciliations are prepared for agreed general ledger accounts in a timely and accurate manner Support the development of two direct reports Identify opportunities for business process improvement The successful candidate must have: Thorough understanding of accounts payable and commissions payable processes Minimum five years' accounting experience Minimum three years's experience within financial services Excellent leadership, communication, teamwork and interpersonal skills Accounting degree qualified CA/CPA qualifications desirable Apply now for this fantastic opportunity by submitting your resume and a targeted cover letter addressing the above criteria. Please note that unsolicited applications from recruitment agencies will not be accepted. 
 File Retrieval Officer Based in Melbourne CBD  $32.76 per hour + Super 6 month contract Start ASAP   Purpose of the role The objective of the Client File Retrieval coordinator role is to request and receive client files that are required for Review and Remediation activity.  Our coordinators will be required to engage with AMP Advisers and practice employees, Partnership Managers, GMs and Review and Remediation team members or Managers and other internal stakeholders to facilitate the retrieval.   Main focus areas Client File Retrieval. Managing multiple cases at one time, liaising with AMP practices and Partnership Manager's to facilitate the transfer of client file data from the practice to the Review and Remediation team Co-ordinate queries with Advice and Fee Review and Remediation, support staff, Advisers and Partnership Managers to ensure accurate and appropriate communication during the case process. Manage the allocation of pipeline cases within agreed timeframes Report roadblocks to Review and Remediation Manager's Accurate monitoring of case progress in Salesforce and trackers to enable reporting and pipeline management for the Review and Remediation Team. Review and manage the end to end Client File Retrieval process Faciliate the scanning solution with AMP Advisers and Australia Post Manage and continuously improve the experience for AMP Advisers and practice employees, Partnership Managers, GMs and the Advice Review and Remediation team Flexibility to take on new tasks as they eventuate - there will be a requirement to assist and contribute to developing and implementing new tasks as a result of continuous process improvement. Feedback key learnings, trends and themes to the Review and Remediation senior leaders   Role specific capabilities Exceptional interpersonal skills Strong attention to detail Sound organisational skills Stakeholder engagement Ability to work collaboratively within a team Experience required An understanding of the Advice or Service remediation industry, AMP Channel Strategy and Services will be a benefit Administrative experience Customer Service/Adviser Facing   If this sounds like you. Then please apply now.   
Cardno is an ASX listed professional infrastructure and environmental services company, with expertise in the development and improvement of physical and social infrastructure for communities around the world. We currently an opportunity for a Finance Systems Support & Training Coordinator to join the Group Finance Systems team in our Brisbane global headquarters. This role will require you to coordinate all training and assist the Finance Systems Manager with the implementation and maintenance of the enterprise wide Business Management System.   In this role you will: Coordinate and deliver finance systems training to end/new users Provide support to operational and finance staff in understanding the finance system (including project set up, billing, project analysis & revenue recognition, and finance modules) Review and development of finance systems training material Provide assistance to the wider Finance Systems team in system maintenance, project updates, structural changes and user access Coordinate software updates including User Acceptance Testing and contribute to continuous improvement strategies General provision of support and advice to organisation wide users Assist in the integration of new merger partners to Cardno's finance system.   To be successful in this role you will have proven experience in similar finance or systems role.  In addition, you will have: Previous experience with accounting or systems Previous experience in a training/support focused role Previous experience using BST (desirable) as well as MS Word, Excel and Visio Strong customer service skills to troubleshoot issues and deliver training to a non-technical audience Mature and professional approach to work Must be proactive and look for opportunities to improve the finance system Reliable and trustworthy nature when dealing with confidential issues and staff at all levels Ability to focus on each project and ensure its accurate and timely completion Client focused with strong communication skills and confident in liaising with all levels of the business.     As a global business we offer the potential for travel, and outstanding training and development opportunities. We offer a work/life balance and an established recognition and rewards program.   We welcome your interest in our team.    Reference Number - Q17/9983/1147. 
 The Company¦.. Integrity & excellence has been at the forefront of this organization since its inception and due to this, they have built a fantastic reputation both in Australia and across their international client base. This company provides their staff with an exciting work environment, approachable managers and autonomy to do their role, and do it well.   The Benefits¦.. Varied, busy role where no two days are the same! Growing company, this company has large growth planned, be part of a dynamic and innovative team! Discounts on prestigious products! Friendly, supportive and approachable team!   The Job¦.. Reporting through to the Group Finance Manager, you will be responsible for the following duties: Complex accounts payable for inventory & raw materials Review overdue accounts, allocation of payments and reconciliation of accounts Preparing prepayments, accruals and payroll entries Balance sheet reconciliations Month end accounting   You¦.. To be successful in this role, you must have experience in the following areas: Ideally you will have 3 “ 5 years' experience working within accounting in manufacturing / inventory based environment Degree qualified  Proven experience working with MYOB and or Pronto Mandarin or Cantonese & English language skills are necessary Proven experience in working in an autonomous manner Be an Australian permanent resident or citizen   How to apply¦..   If you're looking to work close to home with a supportive and approachable Group Finance Manager who likes to up-skill and develop his team then look no further! To apply send your application to jquigley@sbrecruitment.com or call Jenny Quigley for a confidential conversation. 
 I am currently working with a leading ASX listed Media company who are going through a period of change. They have a large finance function of over 100+ staff and regularly convert contract hires into permanent employees. As the Business Analyst on this 6-month project you will be working with the operational team map and document their current processes. Documentation (in meetings, from workshops, from knowledge gathering sessions with current employees etc.) Process mapping Interviews with current staff to obtain knowledge on current processes Writing test scripts for future TM1 implementation Supporting the project team with other ad hoc requests/deliverables as required Key criteria: Exposure to Planning, Budgeting & Forecasting Experience of TM1 and creating advanced Excel models CA or CPA qualified/studier beneficial but not essential To find out more about this role and other opportunities please submit your CV or contact Sam Caygill. 
 Assistant Accountant $75K + Super Progressive role Are you looking for a challenging and progressive role? A global leader based in North Sydney are recruiting an Assistant Accountant to join their finance function, reporting directly to the Financial Controller.  Set in a friendly and commercial environment, this company is looking for an individual with accounting experience in AR, AP and Month-end whom would like to progress into Management and Financial Accounting.   The company offers a fantastic innovative culture and people based environment and will see the successful individual joining the Head Office team, working closely with key stakeholders and the finance function.  Responsibilities for the role will include: Accounts receivable, accounts payable and general ledger maintenance Financial Accounting, ensuring the month end accounting cycle is completed in an accurate and timely manner in accordance with the month end timetable Monthly Management Reporting Assist auditors to ensure that they are receiving information in an accurate and timely manner as per their detailed schedules Budgeting and Forecasting (Profit & Loss and Cash Flow): assist with the Development project budgets to ensure that it is completed accurately and in the agreed timeframe and monthly rolling Forecasting for inclusion in the monthly Management Reports Managing treasury, ensuring that Cash Collections and Cash Payments are as per Company policy and the Treasury Function, including Cash Forecasting, is accurate and robust Monthly BAS   Requirements for the role will include: Studying towards CA or CPA qualification Experience in a similar role Attention to detail Analytical ability Consistency “ key to achieving daily cut off deadlines Optimism/positive and proactive attitude to work Excellent communication skills Able to work both autonomously and be part of a team If you are interested in this position and feel you meet the criteria, then please contact Kate Goworek with your CV to kateg@charterhouse.com.au Quoting Assistant Accountant North Shore.     
 ASX listed organization Newly created role Inner West location   Group Reporting Manager required for an established ASX listed organisation. You will work closely with the GM Finance producing all the consolidated financial and management reporting packs. You will essentially be stating the financial position of the group.   The role requires you to work with the general managers of each of the business units, clarifying their actual numbers versus the budget and explaining any variances on the P&L. You will work across these businesses ensuring their forecasts fit in line with the corporate plan.   Responsibilities for the role will include: Producing the monthly, quarterly and annual management reporting packs complete with all actual numbers and analysis Liaising with a number of internal stakeholders ranging from the corporate executives as well as sales and operational teams at a divisional level Leading the forecasting processes at a divisional level as well as assisting with the group's annual budget and long-term strategic planning Adhere to any legislative and regulatory compliance (ASX). You are required to report to statutory templates and requirements   Requirements for the role will include: Must have a clear track record in the management reporting/group accounting space Relevant tertiary finance qualification (CA, CPA, CIMA) ideally from a Chartered Firm as well as strong academics Experience working in a large business, ideally ASX, someone who is a strategic thinker but not afraid of being hands-on Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Someone who can confidently present results to a board of directors We are seeking an individual who can drive change and lead others to challenge the status-quo and do things better. You are required to get across the business and build relationships quickly with your internal customer group.   My client is very active in the M&A creating an exciting and every changing environment to work in. They are genuine leaders in their field and are successfully adding to their portfolio across a global geography.   If you are interested in this position and feel you meet the criteria then please send your CV to Charlie Collin at: charlie@charterhouse.com.au   
As a global name which rings a bell to most, this company has consistently opened new branches within Australia over the past decade. They are a company which has dominated overseas markets and conveniently located in Sydney's Inner West. They are currently seeking an Accounts Payable Officer to join their medium sized team. Reporting to the Accounts Payable Manager, your duties will include but not be limited to the management of a large general ledger, preparation of high volume invoices, reconciliations within Excel and analysis, with minimal data entry.  The ideal candidate must have 3-5 years of accounts payable experience and willing to be trained on internal processes and continue learning. Bringing experience in high volume processing is also a must, with a sharp mindset. The ability to perform Pivot Tables and Vlookups is essential and understand the commercial context of Accounts Payable, not just processing. In this role you will be rewarded with training and support and long-term career opportunities within Accounts Payable. This candidate will be identified as a potential leader within the team once you have demonstrated a high calibre of work. Salary is competitive and parking will be provided on-site. If you are interested and match the criteria, please apply directly or call Chamira on - 02 8270 9757.            To apply for this role please follow the apply now button or for a confidential discussion please contact me on the number below 
 Opportunity for Senior Analyst in Internal Audit Showcase your exceptional Internal Audit and Risk Management skills and experience Broad exposure to senior management across key stakeholder groups. We're NAB Today, we have more than 35,000 people serving 10 million customers at more than 800 locations in Australia, New Zealand and around the world. We know that to be Australia and New Zealand's most respected bank, we need to be more than good with money. We need to be just as good with people, too. We strive to embrace diversity of thought, style and working arrangements to ensure our workforce is representative of the community that we serve. We believe in people with ideas and dreams, and we want you to achieve your aspirations. At NAB we work together to deliver exceptional outcomes that push the limits of expectations. Our passion about creating value and exceeding our customers' expectations means we're constantly striving to redefine our standards of excellence. About the role An exciting permanent opportunity has arisen for a Senior Analyst, Internal Audit to support the planning, execution, and reporting of Internal Audit activity as set out in the annual Audit Plan. The role will assist with the execution of Internal Audit work across various divisions in NAB.  We are looking for someone with the ability to collaborate with all levels of management to develop and agree practical outcomes, and it would be ideal if you have proven knowledge of financial services. Responsibilities Your day to day responsibilities will include (but not be limited to):- Supporting the Manager/Head of and General Manager in planning and delivering audit activities Overseeing all streams of audit assignment from planning through to reporting Providing leadership, direction and guidance to team members during audit  assignments Proactively identifying and driving efficiency opportunities within Audit and the broader enterprise via audit findings and outcomes Raising and discussing with executive management review findings and risk and commercial based solutions and action plans Represent the team at client and stakeholder forums Driving the desired Enterprise culture within the team Skills & experience To succeed in this role, you must be able to work in a fast-paced, at times ambiguous and complex environment and have: Extensive in-depth experience in Internal audit and / or Risk Management Relevant post graduate qualification (eg CA / CPA / CISA / CISM/ CIA)  Demonstrable experience and ability in gaining an understanding of the business' risk and control environment Ability to engage and communicate with influence across a wide range of stakeholders Prior financial services experience will be highly regarded Benefits At NAB, we provide access to a large number of exclusive employee benefits that will support you both personally and professionally. These include volunteer leave, education and learning benefits and banking & financial services discounts for example. Visit our benefits page for more information http://www.nab.com.au/about-us/careers/working-at-nab/benefits How to apply If you are looking for a role that will give you excellent exposure across the business and allow you to utilise your existing knowledge and skills in a new environment, then this role in the NAB audit division is the opportunity for you! If you have prior audit experience and knowledge of financial markets, then please apply and take a career step that will give you more than money! Please note, candidate screening and interviews may take place prior to the advertised close date. To be eligible to apply, you must have Australian or New Zealand citizenship or permanent residency status. Please apply via the link. 
 Queensland Audit Office Range of clients and systems Specialist team Values based organisation   QAO's vision is for better public services for Queenslanders. Our specialist Information Systems Risk team collaborates with financial statement and performance auditors to deliver the audits of ICT environments for wide range of clients.   From your understanding of clients' ICT environments, you will assess ICT risks and evaluate controls in areas including ICT governance, ICT management and security, and systems development and implementation.   For success in the role, you have: sound knowledge of IS auditing good technical IT knowledge working knowledge of business processes drive to provide value to our clients clear communication and good report writing skills   Next steps¦ We are progressing quickly with this role, so apply now and let us know your interest.   Apply Now Click Apply for this job to send us your resume and a cover letter that tells us about your skills and experience for the role. For more information see the Auditor “ IS Risk (AO4) role description at QAO Careers.   You are also welcome to call Ms Mayus Nath, Director “ Information Systems Risk on (07) 3149 6062 for a confidential discussion about this opportunity.   Visit QAO Careers for more about us.     
 The Company Our client is a well recognised leading mining producer in the WA market   The Role Due to increased workload the Financial Controller now requires a technical qualifed Financial Accountant to come on board for a period of 6 months, ideally starting ASAP.   Your Profile This role will suit a CA qualified technical Financial Accountant from an audit background with strong statutory accounting and reporting skills. Previous expeirence working in the mining indusry is an advantage, as is the use of an large ERP.   Apply Today If you match the above skill set / expeirence and you are available immediately or in the near future then please appky through Seek or send your CV directly perth@psgaus.com.au   
 Melbourne School of Engineering Salary: Attractive base salary plus 17% superannuation About MSE Step into our world and discover an innovative Engineering School united by passion, excellence and collaboration. With a clear growth strategy and upward trajectory in place, we're bringing this to life by partnering with leading businesses, industries and the government. This gives us the confidence to explore new territories, push the boundaries, build state-of-the art campuses and lead our School down exciting paths. The Opportunity With the School rapidly growing in student enrolments, research activity and major initiatives in the pipeline, you will be partnering with the Executive Team and key stakeholders to develop business opportunities, reduce operational risk and provide current and predictive data with the aim of optimising performance in teaching, research and engagement activity. The Job In this very ˜hands on' role, you'll be responsible for a direct report and working as a high-level analyst to obtain briefings, provide analysis, share insights and offer solutions.  You will produce current & predictive data with the aim of improving MSE performance and deliver expert analysis on all aspects of planning and operations with a focus on strategy, benchmarking, performance and overseeing student load management. In this role, you will be: Driving impact of business decisions and flow on implications in relation to budgets Acting as a trusted advisor to provide sound advice and actively participate in planning strategic and operational activities across teaching, research and engagement projects Lead the delivery of project through overall scope, prioritisation and outcomes Perform analysis to draw pertinent insights from external and internal research, financial and market data, macroeconomic information, and other sources to develop a fact based current state lay-of-the land Contribute to the development of plans, including facilitating use of business metrics tools and datasets Provide updates on budget versus actual teaching revenue, conversion targets and work closely with key stakeholders to deliver these targets Undertake benchmarking activity with other universities and prepare performance reports and data collection Manage the risk management framework, including working with executives to review mitigation actions What you'll need: Ability to elicit, analyse and manage business requirements in line with strategies Advanced experience using Excel (including VBA) and analytical tools such as; Microsoft BI, Tableau, OBIEE and SPSS The capability to build relationships and credibility with cross functional stakeholders, including executive leaders Demonstrated ability to provide leadership and supervision in order to motivate, develop, empower and coach staff to achieve outcomes Proficiency in applying established technical and commercial principles A curious mind set with an aim of improving system effectiveness and efficiency Solid technical, analytical and problem-solving abilities considering holistic approach Relevant tertiary qualification; CPA is desirable but not essential So, why us? We're are one of the largest employers in Victoria and home to over 100 centres and institutes of research. We recognise the value of diversity & inclusion in the workplace and support a range of flexible work arrangements to promote a better-balanced lifestyle.  We offer you a dynamic workplace, one that values and leverages progressive ideas, capabilities and experiences and incredibly generous benefits. We believe all of this strengthens our ability to deliver on our business goals and for you to achieve your own ambitions.   How to Apply Your application should include a CV and Cover Letter briefly outlining your Top 3 responses to the selection criteria listed in the Position Description. Please note, you will need to upload your Cover Letter under the "Selection Criteria" attachment file section. While we take a look at your application, get to know us more by visiting our social media channels and website https://www.eng.unimelb.edu.au/ Close date: 29 Apr 2018 Position Description and Selection Criteria  0045470.pdf For information to assist you with compiling short statements to answer the selection criteria, please go to https://about.unimelb.edu.au/careers/selection-criteria 
 Join an ASX listed company that offers incomparable company benefits, a chance to up-skill and permanently join their supportive team! Client Details Our client is a market leader in the luxury global distribution and retail of premium cars in the automotive sector. They boast having a presence in over 30 countries, 10 thousand employees and a turnover of $7 billion per year. They are currently going through a busy period and are looking to expand their team! Those able to start immediately will be highly desirable. Description Process fortnightly payroll for more than 500 employees Act as a point of contact to employees on payroll related enquiries Provide assistance with the preparation of payroll related reports Assist the Payroll Manager with special projects and non-standard tasks Process leave, entitlements, superannuation, payroll tax Maintain employee records and employee agreements Process New starters and Terminations Liaising with upper level management Profile A minimum of 3 years' end-to-end payroll processing experience Keen eye for detail and strong analytical skills Good communication and interpersonal skills Intermediate skills in excel Switched on, confident and demonstrates exemplary work ethics Job Offer ASX listed company Attractive Salary Package Potential for Permanency Flexibility in working hours Supportive Team Environment To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Cynthia Pham on 02 8¦show number . 
Dentsu Aegis Network is a global advertising, marketing and communications agency of some 11,000 clients and 43,000 professionals. Using a distinctive and creative range of products and services, we help clients build consumer relationships by communicating their products and brands effectively. This range includes marketing and communications strategies such as media planning and buying, creative strategy and execution, data and technology, digital performance, digital creative, consumer influence, experiential marketing, brand tracking and marketing analytics. 6 months Fixed Term opportunity.  Our busy Commercial Finance team in Melbourne are currently seeking an ambitious Finance Business Analyst to support the team in contributing to and assisting in the delivery of the ongoing strategic direction of the organisation. In this role, you will utilise financial analysis techniques to deliver day to day support and provide insight, analysis and trends on critical business issues impacting the performance of a business unit in consideration by senior stakeholders. This is a great opportunity to be part of delivering the strategic direction of the organisation and work closely with the Commercial Finance Director and other Business Partners in delivering on strategy, revenue and profit targets. Key Responsibilities: Provide commercial financial analysis underpinning and validating business case assumptions for decision, support and asset evaluation Work with the Commercial Finance Team in delivering required strategic commercial outputs aligned to the business plan in agreement with leadership Proactively advise the Commercial Finance Team on proposed key business decisions through sound commercial judgement, highlighting options, trade-offs, risks and opportunities Assist in the preparation of robust and detailed budgeting and forecasting process including the use of Adaptive Insights and other formal reporting including presentation decks up to date and correct for all forecasts, reforecasts, budgets and ad hoc reporting Support in the preparation of the monthly forecast for relevant brands Support the Commercial Finance Team with data extraction and system usage Support in the preparation of perceptive management insights including reviewing standard management reports, monthly accounts, reporting commentary, management presentations and ad-hoc reporting as required by the Commercial Finance Director Work with the management accountants, to ensure monthly financial reporting has been processed timely and accurately About you: 1 to 2 years of Finance experience within a fast moving business environment with at least 1 year in commercial finance Completed a tertiary degree in Accounting/Finance and completed or working towards an internationally recognised accounting qualification (i.e. CA/CPA) Strong background in financial analysis and system-driven projects and solution Proven experience of successful collaboration with finance and non-finance stakeholders Experience in the media/advertising industry or FMCG businesses or other fast-paced work environments will be highly preferred but not essential Detail-orientated with exceptional data-analysis skills. Advanced-level Excel capability Excellent oral and written communication, collaboration and relationship-building skills with the ability to quickly form working relationships with senior management 
 We are an Accounting firm in the SE suburbs of Melbourne offering the full range of professional services. We are seeking degree qualified candidates with the following attributes: Self-motivated and have a keen eye for detail Disciplined approach with a good work ethic Embrace a challenging and stimulating work environment Task orientated and able to work well to deadlines Willing to learn and be a contributing member of a high functioning team Uses initiative and is proactive in delivering exceptional service to our clients This is a great opportunity for the correct person to be trained in a progressive team of professional accountants. If you feel that you fit the above requirements please forward your detailed resume, cover letter and academic transcript to hr@zimsenpartners.com.au 
My Pathway represents the coming together of a family group of companies each with a unique quality embedded deeply within them. We concentrate on delivering superior quality services, focusing particularly on remote communities throughout Australia with the mission of building stronger communities. We are currently recruiting for a Full Time Accounts Clerk to join the Finance Team. The Finance Team works with operational business partners to provide accurate timely financial data to enable optimal decision making. The purpose of the Accounts Clerk role is to manage accounts payable, including processing purchase orders, accounts payable invoices and payments and contribute to process improvement. To be successful in this role you will have:  Excellent communications, consultation, negotiation and networking skills.  Previous experience with accounting systems (with SAP experience highly regarded)  Accurate data entry skills and a high level of attention to detail  Excellent analytical skills and interpretations of procedure  Ability to work autonomously and unsupervised as well as part of the team  Ability to maintain confidentiality standards  Excellent time management and prioritisation skills  Experience working with many different stakeholders  Police Check and relevant Child Suitability Card or ability to get one. To apply for this career opportunity, please send your cover letter and resume through to applications@mpath.com.au by close of business, 18 April 2018. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander persons are also encouraged to apply. 
 Group reporting role for an ASX listed retail business in Melbourne inner suburbs Your new company This ASX listed business is going from strength to strength and has a reputation for being both dynamic and progressive. After a recent restructure, an opportunity has arisen for a talented financial accountant to join the team on a permanent basis Your new role Reporting to the Group Financial Controller, you will be responsible for the consolidated group statutory accounts of the business along with being the technical expert on accounting and taxation for the business. Some key duties will include: Completion of statutory accounts, tax returns, FBT and GST returns Supporting the Finance Manager in the preparation, analysis, evaluation and final submission of business budgets Monthly management reporting Liaising with the auditors What you'll need to succeed CA/CPA qualified Strong technical accounting skills Extensive accounting experience, preferably within a large accounting firm environment Retail background preferred Statutory reporting experience Confident communicating with senior stakeholders What you'll get in return Competitive salary, excellent working environment, dynamic team. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 My client is a well known global organisation that has been an institution in the Australian and Global market. Based in Sydney this is a rare and exciting opportunity for a strong Senior Tax Consultant with strong hands on tax experience coming from either Big 4 or Life Inurance Organisations. This position will involve a broad range of responsibilities that include but are not limited to, assisting with the preparation of monthly tax accounting & forecasting, tax compliance and advisory services. You will also be assisting the head of tax with queries and following up on information requests. There will also be the great opportunity to partner with different areas of the business, drive process improvements within systems and preparations of tasks and liaising with General Managers and indirect reports. The Successful incumbent will also have the opportunity to gain exposure in financial accounting as well. This role will suit a qualified CA qualified candidate with big 4 experience. The successful candidate will be ambitious and driven, with exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal, enabling them to be able to build rapport easily with key stakeholders who are both internal and external to the organisation. You will have strong excel skills and be able to filter through through significant data sets. For a confidential chat, please call Andrew Douglas on 02 9249 5009. 
 The Company A growing professional services start-up with progressive founders who are making waves in the Sydney market. They are changing the way people do business through technological advancements and by offering clients a selection of services to choose from. With a bright future on the horizon, this opportunity will provide a challenging and rewarding career. The Role Reporting to the Director of Finance you will be providing a full range of accounting and business services to a range of clients. This will require excellent communication skills and confidence when working with clients. The responsibilities are, but not limited to: BAS, FBT, GST and Tax returns Managing a team of accountants Resolving client issues Bookkeeping Business Development Preparation of Management reports & Financial Statements Your Profile You are fully qualified, highly motived with the ability to multitask across multiple job functions. You are looking for a career that's not your traditional Accounting Firm. You want to be a part of something new and be a part of a company where you have the ability to make an immediate difference. You have ability to work under pressure and problem solve to provide seamless resolutions for your clients. You will be able to take control of the entire process and develop and create new process for improvements. Apply Today Applications will be accepted by submitting your CV directly via email to Rob Francis on Rob.Francis@roberthalf.com.au or by pressing the Apply button; cover letters are not required. Please note that due to the large numbers of responses expected, it may be difficult to respond with a personal message to every application. 
 One of Australia's largest Mid-Tier firms is looking for an Audit Senior to join their high performing CBD team. This role is ideal for someone looking to challenge themselves with a diverse client base and collaborate in a dynamic team environment. Be a part of a supportive and motivating team that offers continuous opportunities to develop your skill set and further your career. Key Responsibilities: Planning and coordinating audit engagements ensuring key deliverables are met Working across a diverse range of clients across a broad variety of industries Managing a portfolio of engagements to ensure they are completed in a timely manner Identifying risks on assurance engagements Liaising directly with clients as the main point of contact on medium to large audit requirements and providing value added services to the clients Assisting with multiple medium to large audit engagements, and ensuring audit procedures are followed in accordance with the firm's audit methodology Preparing and reviewing General and Special Purpose Financial Statements in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards Conducting other advisory and workpaper preparation Supervising and mentoring junior and intermediate team members Key Requirements: CA / CPA qualified or near completion 3+ years experience in a Big 4 or mid-tier professional services firm Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Extensive working knowledge of Microsoft Excel Strong time management skills Ability to build rapport well and work in a team environment Enthusiasm to continuously learn and grow with the firm To apply please click apply or call Rebecca Bowles on 08 9266 0919 for a confidential discussion. 
 Ref 493729 A dynamic, progressive institution with a reputation for excellence in teaching and research, Flinders University seeks to appoint a Senior Accounts Payable Officer to join the Finance and Procurement team. The Senior Accounts Payable Officer is accountable to the Associate Director, Procurement Services for the preparation and payment of accounts and claims that result in the efficient and effective payment for goods and services received.  The Senior Accounts Payable Officer will be required to assist with processing of invoices, claims and payments for goods and services received, control of credit accounts, preparation of data entry of accounts for payment. The Senior Accounts Payable Officer will be required to participate in continuous improvement opportunities within the Accounts Payable environment, including related systems.  Finance and Procurement Services, Flinders University Location: Bedford Park, SA Available on a continuing, full-time basis Salary (HEO6): $75,223 to $80,340 pa  Plus 17% employer superannuation Applications close: 11:00am, Friday 27 April 2018 Please note: A National Police Certificate which is satisfactory to the University will be required by Flinders University before the successful applicant can commence in this position. Full details including how to apply on-line can be found at our Jobs@Flinders website: http://jobs.flinders.edu.au/cw/en/job/493729/senior-accounts-payable-officer 
 CBD Opportunity - Payroll Administration Officer - $55-$65K+super Your new company A leading Engineering Firm they are connected with big government projects across VIC and Australia Your new role Your new role will require you to set up new employees on the system, up date records, process pay and other ad hoc payroll support. You will be a critical part of the payroll team and will be required to use the systems SAP and Chris 21. Some training will be provided. What you'll need to succeed Ideally some experience with Chris 21 and or SAP Experienced with payroll administration and support Ideally you will come from a background in construction or engineering or a large company background Strong communication skills A team player with a high level of attention to detail What you'll get in return Salary based on experience On boarding training and support Inclusive fun team culture Work with a huge engineering firm Career progression opportunities What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to Luke Grakovich on luke.grakovich@hays.com.au or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 We're JLL. We're a professional services and investment management firm specializing in real estate. We help organizations around the world achieve their ambitions by owning, occupying and investing in real estate. We're a Fortune 500 company. We work across 80 countries, in 280 different offices, with a team of over 77,000 individuals. And we look after a property portfolio of over 4bn square feet, all on behalf of our clients.   What's the role? We're seeking a hands on Payroll Manager to take responsibility for our full function payroll team, based at our Australian Head Office in Sydney CBD. The team is made up of 3 payroll staff plus the Payroll Manager, and is responsible for our monthly end to end payroll of approximately 3000 employees.  Day to day, you'll be kept busy and challenged due to the variety of our role. Your responsibilities will cover manual payments, terminations, workers compensation returns and payroll journals and reconciliations. You'll prepare and submit returns and payments “ e.g. Payroll tax, Super, PAYG etc, as well as leave reports. Annually, you will also manage the annual salary review and bonus payroll process too.   Sound like you? To be considered, you'll need to have¦ We're looking for a candidate who has prior experience in a Payroll Manager role, hands on end to end experience of the payroll function, and prior management experience of a small team. SAP Payroll experience, as well as MS Excel knowledge are highly desirable. You'll be passionate about your career in payroll, and thrive in a busy environment where you enjoy new challenges coming your way. You're someone who thrives in a hands on and high volume environment, and you're highly organised.    Want to apply? Apply now on our Careers website, quoting the reference JS73563BR.  JLL is committed to developing and maintaining a diverse workforce. We encourage Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders applications and enquiries. Please note, although developing relationships with agencies forms a component of the JLL talent acquisition strategy, on this occasion agency submission will not be accepted. 
 Are you a Registered Tax Accountant? Work with Australia's #1 online Tax Agent “ providing convenience and great online tax services to clients Join our vibrant and successful team of Tax Reviewers and Registered Tax Agents. A great way to earn an additional income, with the ability to determine your own workload and working hours operating within the comfort of your own home. This is a short-term contract for the upcoming tax season only. Our client base consists of: Individual tax payers Small and Medium size Enterprise Our online systems help you to efficiently review client tax returns prior to lodgement. System training is provided to help you in the process. Responsibilities include: Reviewing client tax returns Requesting further information or documents from clients where required Advising when tax refunds can be improved Adhering to TPB, ATO and in-house guidelines Lodging compliant and honest returns Responding professionally to all correspondence (both internal and external) Skills include: 2-3 years' current Australian Individual Tax Return experience Current experience lodging and reviewing individual and business tax returns Excellent written communication skills Able to work efficiently and independently Role Requirements:    Registered Tax Agent license Reliable computer and high speed internet Able to respond promptly to correspondence within a 24 hour time-frame Please note: Due to a large volume of returns at our practice, you must be available from the beginning of June to the middle of August. Training commences early June, in preparation for work starting July 1st. If this position sounds right for you, we want to hear from you! Please copy and paste the URL below into your preferred browser to apply. https://etax.peoplehr.net/Pages/JobBoard/Opening.aspx?v=d2ecfd5d-1767-4b08-8fcc-68d2d5de21d4 Any other enquiries please contact Human Resources on (07) 3457 5193. 
Our client is a boutique accounting firm of 30+ staff providing a range of accounting and financial services solutions to their clients.  An opportunity has arisen to engage an Intermediate - Senior Accountant to join their tax and business advisory team and assist with their growing client portfolio. With recent growth in the practice, the company is seeking a CA or CPA qualified accountant, or near completion, with 3-4 years experience to work with their diverse client base.  Key Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Developing and maintaining strong working relationships with the Firm's clients and staff; Providing guidance and expertise to team members; Preparation of tax returns and financial statements for variety of clients across multiple industry sectors; Planning and coordinating work and maintaining strong productivity levels. To Be Successful you will be able to demonstrate: Relevant tertiary qualification and qualified or part-qualified in the CA or CPA Program; 3-4 years of recent work experience within a public accounting firm; Knowledge and understanding of Australian reporting requirements especially AIFRS Accounting, current tax legislation and Corporation Act, ASIC and ASX requirements; Working experience with MYOB and XERO desirable; Ability to build excellent client relationships with excellent communication skills Demonstrate the interest and skills required to guide and mentor junior staff. Our client offers a friendly and professional environment that supports its staff and their career development and progression. If you have the desire and ability to work in a fast-paced team, with a focus on exceptional client service this may be the opportunity you have been waiting for.  For further information on this opportunity contact Cara Carrodus CPA on 9212 1001 or cara.carrodus@rubicor.com.au to discuss or apply to this position direct to be considered. 
 Work with Australia's #1 online Tax Agent “ providing convenience and great online tax services to clients Join our vibrant and successful team of Tax Reviewers and Registered Tax Agents. A great way to earn an additional income, with the ability to determine your own workload and working hours operating within the comfort of your own home. This is a short-term contract for the upcoming tax season only. Our client base consists of: Individual tax payers Small and Medium size Enterprise Our online systems help you to efficiently review client tax returns prior to lodgement. System training is provided to help you in the process. Responsibilities include: Reviewing client tax returns Requesting further information or documents from clients where required Advising when tax refunds can be improved Adhering to TPB, ATO and in-house guidelines Lodging compliant and honest returns Responding professionally to all correspondence (both internal and external) Skills include: 2-3 years' current Australian Individual Tax Return experience Current experience lodging and reviewing individual and business tax returns Excellent written communication skills Able to work efficiently and independently Role Requirements:    Reliable computer and high speed internet Able to respond promptly to correspondence within a 24 hour time-frame Please note: Due to a large volume of returns at our practice, you must be available from the beginning of June to the middle of August. Training commences early June, in preparation for work starting July 1st. If this position sounds right for you, we want to hear from you! Please copy and paste the URL below into your preferred browser to apply. https://etax.peoplehr.net/Pages/JobBoard/Opening.aspx?v=5674b4fd-2ad2-4433-96df-2b37ae9f1699 Any other enquiries please contact Human Resources on (07) 3457 5193. 
 R.M. Williams is an iconic Australian Fashion/Retail Company with a national retail footprint and over 900 stockists throughout Australia.  Key to our heritage is our Adelaide Workshop in Salisbury, South Australia, where we manufacture our iconic boots, apparel and accessories. We are now investing across all aspects of the brand with the goal of delivering to a world class standard across Product, Retail and the online customer experience to consumers across the globe. The role: Based in Adelaide and reporting to the Chief Financial Officer, you will be responsible for leading and managing the company's reporting, sales planning, budgeting, forecasting and financial analysis across all elements of the P&L for Australia and international, as well as category/competitor insight. As a member of the extended leadership team, you will also maintain a strong business partnering dimension within this position, as you will be the key point of contact from a financial perspective for operations, sales and marketing. Main responsibilities: Business Partnering: Working closely with Sales, Marketing and the Leadership Team to become a value-added strategic business partner. Analysis of business KPIs to enable enhanced business decision making. Lead pricing, category and competitor performance analysis and provide insight on emerging trends. Champion the adoption of new company tools to simplify processes and drive process improvement to identify the "why" in management reports and  providing ad hoc advice to business managers using problem solving and research skills. Timely and accurate preparation of monthly management reporting for senior management and shareholders. Communicate monthly results to business managers on the drivers affecting the brand, including review of any significant variances to forecast. Work with the CFO to identify value added opportunities and any potential risks or opportunities within the business. Forecasting and Budgeting: Responsible for the annual and multi-year budget planning and estimates taking ownership of the budgeting and landing cycle process for senior management, the board and shareholders, Provide assistance and direction to Business Heads where needed in preparation and review of their forecasts. Ensure accurate and timely submission of forecast and budget to management team and shareholder and alignment with global guidance. Develop supporting continuous improvements to Global forecast processes. About You: Personal: Highly motivated and energetic you are enthusiastic and a self-starter. You work well under pressure and adhere strictly to deadlines. You are self confident, have a high degree of personal presence and a positive attitude. You have excellent organisational skills and prioritise effectively. You are results oriented and embrace change iniatives. Technical Skills: University degree (economics, finance or accounting majors preferred). CA, CPA or CFA professional qualification (preferred). Excellent financial modelling skills and experience. High levels of proficiency in key Microsoft Office tools (Word, Excel and PowerPoint) Strong systems affinity (ERP, Cognos, Salesforce.com, other BI tools knowledge a plus) Analytical and interpretative skills to present important analysis in easily digestible forms. Ability to communicate clearly and concisely across all mediums. Demonstrated ability to lead and influence team members. Excellent analytical and interpretative skills. Process improvement experience appreciated. Previous experience within the Retail Industry will be highly regarded. Minimum of 5+ years relevant experience This is a unique opportunity in Adelaide to be part of the fashion/retail industry. If you believe you have the necessary skills to successfully fulfil this role, then we would very much like to hear from you. Applications close on Friday 27th April 2018   R.M.Williams is an Equal Opportunity Employer   
Our client is a well-respected CA accounting practice with a vibrant culture based in Melbourne CBD. Working with SME's, large corporates as well as individuals, they are experiencing rapid growth. Currently in the market for an engaging, client focussed Intermediate Accountant who is seeking opportunities to thrive in a supportive and rewarding environment.    Responsibilities: Assisting with the management of a variety of clients Tax planning & implementation Assist with the preparation of financial forecasts, interim reports, cash flow projections BAS/IAS/FBT/GST preparation End-to-end processing of financial statements and tax returns Communicating with clients on a regular basis Skills & Experience required: CA/CPA qualified or close to completion 3- 4 years' business services experience Previous experience in a business advisory role or team support role Drive and ambition to grow within a dynamic environment Exceptional written and verbal communication skills Ability to interact with diverse stakeholders What we offer: Exposure to the full gambit of accounting tasks Ongoing training with supportive mentoring A focussed and engaging career path Vibrant and inclusive team culture Generous salary & bonuses Experience with a variety accounting packages such as Handisoft, Xero, MYOB Cloud, Reckon Accounts will be highly advantageous.  To apply please click on the 'Apply Now' button below 
 An international education provider regarded as the institution of choice by over 50,000 students around the world is looking for an experienced Finance Manager. The business operates a broad shared service structure whereby all Financial Services are provided to all Divisions under a Distributed Services model. Each of the business segments are grouped into 7 Divisions, and the deployment of Financial Services within the divisions is the responsibility of the Finance Director. The Finance Manager will be aligning themselves closely with a variety of stakeholders to provide an end to end service across a range of complex requirements. Key Responsibilities: Manage and provide assistance in regards to all of the financial affairs and resources of the assigned portfolio. Support the Financial Director to proactively coordinate and provide financial advice, reports, and analysis of the portfolio. Preparation of business cases and financial packs to measure, track, report and analyse portfolio performance in line with financial and non financial Key Performance Indicators (KPIs). Ensure timely and accurate management reports of actuals, budgets and forecasts with associated supporting analysis, accompanied by explanations of major variances. Monitor and manage procurement, payments, debtors and ensure grant and other income is received. Provide guidance over the Finance team through mentoring, coaching and assistance with the development of members of the team. Key Requirements: CPA or CA Qualified Excellent people management, financial management, accounting and analysis skills A skilled negotiator with the ability to build and maintain productive client relationships using problem solving and influencing skills. Ability to provide strategically aligned operational financial management, advice to senior stakeholders. High proficiency in Microsoft Excel with the ability to adapt and utilise complex spreadsheets for financial reporting and analysis, budget and forecast preparation and analysis, KPI reporting, adhoc analysis etc. An Education background is not essential but highly desirable. To apply please click apply or call James Andrew on 02 8289 3131 for a confidential discussion. 
 Salary: salary up to $110k + Car + Super + Bonus Location: Western Suburbs Role: partner a range of stakeholders in delivering insights and influencing decision making to add value Role Overview Reporting to the GM Finance, this Commercial Manager takes full ownership for the helping drive the business' commercial performance including reporting and planning cycles through influence. The Commercial Manager has primary day-to-day responsibility for shaping the business' commercial reporting and analysis, management of forward looking plans, scenario analysis to support assessment of risks and opportunities as well as ensuring the overall delivery of financial results for the business unit. The key success factor will be your ability to work together and the strength of communication in shaping insights and actions with your business partners. Demonstrated competence in shaping insights from numbers and driving accountability with your stakeholders will set you apart in being successful for this role. Responsibilities Own the business' commercial performance reporting to drive actionable insights and analysis, focussed on both financial and non-financial metrics. Engage a broad range of stakeholders to seek to understand business needs and deliver value adding business analytics. Provide sensitivity analysis and scenario modelling to support assessment of business risks and opportunities Consider capital returns and ratios as part of overarching plans and achievement. Support the shaping of appropriate business targets and forward looking plans through budget and forecast cycles. Contribute as a passionate team member of the broader commercial team, actively supporting the wellbeing and engagement of the team / business. Candidate Profile You are a highly energetic and agile finance professional with deep experience in driving piercing insights to add value. You are passionate about engaging your stakeholders to drive a business forward and hold a strength in communication that sets you apart. Culture & Benefits The organisation is a global brand with a positive team culture with a history for innovation that puts customers first. Immerse yourself in a passion - share the team's passion for their brand Nurture growth - be a key driver in shaping insights to deliver growth Be rewarded - salary $110k + Car + Super + Bonus Apply If this sounds like you, please send your resume by clicking the apply link below addressing Tom Nisevic quoting reference number TNCM3957 in the subject line. 
 Who are we? The Toll Group is the Asian region's leading provider of integrated logistics services, generating annual revenue of AU$8.3 billion and employing over 40,000 people across an extensive network of 1,200 sites throughout more than 50 countries across the world. We're committed to providing a safe, diverse, satisfying and fulfilling workplace for all of our people. We value integrity, trust, teamwork and being open and transparent. The opportunity? As part of Toll Group's new growth strategy, we are currently seeking a Commercial Analyst to join our Finance function. The main focus of the role is to provide decision support to the national commercial manager, delivering timely and insightful analysis to achieve branch financial and operational targets. Key accountabilities and responsibilities will include, but not be limited to: Preparation of detailed Weekly/monthly KPI reporting to senior management, providing recommendations and analysis. Commercial analysis and oversight of financial information including sales & margin analysis. Provide ongoing support to sales on analysing customer profitability ensuring transport tasks meets required operating margins and work is being carried out within agreed scope. Identifying and executing process improvement opportunities. Assisting with strategy and providing insights, in order to improve business performance. The ideal candidate? As the successful candidate you will be: CA/CPA Membership of relevant professional body. Post graduate or Masters qualifications in commerce, Accounting or equivalent. Proven senior finance experience in a large, multinational organisation, experience in the Transport, Logistics or Manufacturing sector will be an advantage. Audit experience will be highly regarded. You will have excellent communication skills (both written and verbal) with the ability to produce high quality executive level presentations. Advanced knowledge of Excel is a must. Ability to foster and maintain good working relationships with key stakeholders. In return, you will be rewarded with an inclusive and dynamic team environment, a passionate company culture and the opportunity to be an integral part of Toll's new direction. For a confidential discussion regarding the role please contact Jennifer Wilson, Toll People, 03 9049 4014 We will not be liable for any fees or costs associated with unsolicited CVs sent directly to line managers from recruitment agencies. 
 This is a fast growing family office consultancy that can offer interesting work and a supportive environment Client Details This is a business offering tax, accounting, investment, legal and family office services to a few ultra-wealthy clients. Description Tax returns for all entities BAS Advisory projects Ad hoc business consulting Philanthropy Profile 2+ years experience in a CA or family office role Studying CA/ CPA Experience dealing with complex groups (5+ entities in a group) Experience doing tax advice Job Offer Work for a growing consultancy Exciting advisory work BRW rich list clients To apply for this position, please click the 'Apply Now' button below. For a confidential discussion, please contact Sarah Mulvenna on 02 9195 2905. 
 Immediate Start!!! Great working environment!!! Attractive Salary on offer!!!   We are an established company with operations in Australia and New Zealand. The head office is located in Sydney South, and we are looking for Payroll Officer / Accounts Assistant to join our friendly team!   Your Main duties would include:    To process fortnightly payroll for over 150 employees. To prepare and file HR/payroll paperwork and update employee database. To maintain super files and update to Super Clearing House online. To lodge payroll tax monthly. To reconcile ERP GLs with wages from payroll software. To produce various payroll and labour costs reports. To answer quires from both internal staff and external agencies in relation to payroll and employment issues. To lodge and liaise with Workcover agency to follow up the worker's compensation claims. To perform accounts receivable duties during the absence of Accounts Receivable. To perform accounts payable duties during the absence of Accounts Payable. Ad-Hoc accounting and office duties as required.    To be successful for this role: You must be efficient, pro active and have a can do attitude Strong computer skills. Excellent communication skills. Minimum 2 year Payroll experience. Solid MYOB experience. Modern award knowledge will be highly regarded. ERP, T&A System and high volume payroll experience will be an advantage.   You will be reporting to Accounting Manager and CEO. If this role sounds like you-please Click the Apply button.   
 Bookkeeper / Senior Accounts Clerk The Schiavello Group of Companies are one of Australia's most successful, innovative and respected specialists in integrated and advanced workplace design, technology, environment and construction. Our range of operations includes internal and external constructions, manufacturing and consulting / administration services. With over 1,200 employees spread across multiple worksites throughout Australia, we are committed to providing our employees with a safe, healthy, and enjoyable work environment. Our Queensland construction company has an exciting and rare opportunity for a Bookkeeper / Senior Accounts Clerk. Reporting to the State Manager, you will be responsible for: Balancing takings Making recommendations relating to fixed asset policies Analysing capital expenditure Accounts payable and receivable Office administration and support the state manager To be successful in this role you will have: Previous experience within a similar position, (within a building construction environment would be beneficial) Demonstrated proficiency with asset software, MS Word and Excel Strong organisational and communication skills Bring an energy and passion to consistently meet set goals and timeframes Excellent attention to detail with the ability to multi task What's on Offer: A competitive salary for the right candidate An amazing opportunity to join a growing international company Family owned company If you are passionate about bookkeeping and meet the above criteria, please submit your application by clicking the APPLY button below. Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.      
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices. Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  Who are we looking for? People with extensive experience and leadership roles in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? You will lead a team in one of the Compliance Sections; Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts; Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program; You will influence and develop strategy, policies, priorities and practices relating to the health provider compliance program. Who are you? You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and extensive experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will be comfortable and experienced exercising a considerable degree of independence with decision making substantially dependent on your high level judgement What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 About Us Link Group Ltd is a market leading provider of technology-enabled fund administration and securities registration, complemented by our expertise in digital solutions and data analytics. Link Group's Fund Administration combines its proprietary technology to deliver a comprehensive financial data solution to all our Superannuation clients, servicing an underlying stakeholder base of over 10 million superannuation account holders. We are currently seeking an experienced and qualified CA/CPA Financial Accountant with a background in financial reporting and tax compliance to join our team. The Role As a dedicated Fund Accountant you will be providing financial accounting services, including statutory financial statements and APRA reporting. Key Accountabilities Preparation of year end statutory financial statements including notes Liaising directly with the Client /Investment Managers/Auditors Preparation of management financial reporting including actual vs budget Preparation and lodgement of statutory requirements including BAS, IAS, payroll tax Preparation and lodgement of APRA quarterly and annual returns Authorisation of accounts payable transactions and on-line banking transactions Review of cashflow, monthly bank reconciliations and clearing accounts and payment of group life premiums Provide a customer focused service by ensuring fund procedures are maintained and updated following a consultative process Adhoc projects as directed by the Manager (eg. analytical reviews or improvement initiatives) The above list of key accountabilities is not an exhaustive list and may change from time-to-time based on business needs.   Essential Skills and Experience At least 3-5 years' experience in the preparation of year end statutory financial statements Familiarity with the Year End audit process Experience in BAS and tax compliance Experience in the delivery of financial accounts within tight deadlines Ability to demonstrate a practical knowledge of AASB standards and reporting issues Above average PC skills using Excel and other Accounting Products Very good communication skills Ability to work with limited supervision. Ability to problem solve Strong Analytical Skills Experience in the superannuation administration industry while desirable is not essential   Experience in or knowledge of one or more of the following areas is desired but not essential: Experience in tax effect accounting Experience in the preparation of APRA returns Knowledge of PeopleSoft and/or Aaspire (or similar administration system) highly regarded. Exposure to the superannuation administration industry would be valuable Essential Qualifications CA/CPA qualified     
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices.  Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to compliance work at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff that who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels. Who are we looking for? People with experience in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? Work in one of our Compliance teams. The senior roles (APS 5 and APS6) will usually work as team leaders where the more junior roles (APS 3 and APS 4) will form the core of our teams. you will work in one of the sections listed here: Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program. Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You enjoy working as part of a team and the more senior roles need people who have experience leading teams You have some  understanding and experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have an understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You have good judgement to contribute to decision making, and can seek assistance when it is needed. What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3 “ APS6 “ range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health   Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Opportunity for a Senior Finance Associate to join Group Finance Showcase your proven financial analysis and reporting expertise 12 month fixed term contract  We're NAB For more than 150 years, we've been helping our customers with their money. Today, we have more than 35,000 people serving 10 million customers at more than 800 locations in Australia, New Zealand and around the world. We have built our business on understanding our customers and supporting them. We aim to take the hard work out of banking. As Australia's largest business bank, we work with small, medium and large businesses to help them start, run and grow. We fund some of the most important infrastructure in our communities “ including schools, hospitals and roads. And we do it in a way that's responsible, inclusive and innovative. More than money We know that to be Australia and New Zealand's most respected bank, we need to be good with money. And we need to be just as good with people, too. About the role Opportunity exists for a highly skilled Senior Finance Associate to produce and provide commercial financial insight, analysis and recommendations in order to drive and improve business performance, to the Business and/or to Finance functions including performance & planning, financial reporting/control and finance business partners depending on business requirements. It will be your remit to embed the capability model to drive consistency in process, support actions to increase engagement and motivation, and deliver to multiple stakeholders to support and enable members in the team to rotate across various businesses across our product and distribution channels. Accountabilities In this pivotal and exciting role, your key responsibilities will include: Provide detailed financial analysis to enable finance partners to provide commercial and financial advice, on both strategic & operational initiatives to the Business. Assist in the production of financial and non-financial results, performance drivers, scenarios and recommended action plans in order improve Business performance/assist in Business decision making Provide insight and analysis on change initiatives, financial implications, resourcing commitment and delivery dates to enable finance to maximise change agenda benefits/value to the organisation. Provide input into the Strategic and Operation Plan to ensure Business commitments and objectives are met through an understanding of Business conditions and Group requirements. Assess, analyse, and investigate aspects of financial reporting, including understanding of variances to Business plan/expectations in order to ensure accurate reporting and the production of Business financial insight for potential drivers of variances. Skills and experience You will be customer focused, outcome driven and be inquisitive by nature. Your demonstrated experience working in a similar Senior Finance Analyst role in a large matrix organisation, ideally within Financial Services sector along with previous experience working in a Professional Accounting firm will ensure your success in this position. You will have a deep understanding of financial management and highly evolved expertise in financial analysis, management reporting & analytics; in addition you will have a solid understanding of expense and revenue drivers. You will be proven capabilities in driving continuous improvement initiatives to uplift business performance and support decision making. A relevant tertiary qualification in Business, Commerce, Accounting or Finance coupled with a post graduate qualification (CA / CPA) is required for this role. Culture We believe in people with ideas and dreams, and we want you to achieve your aspirations. At NAB we work together to deliver exceptional outcomes that push the limits of expectations. Our passion about creating value and exceeding our customers' expectations means we're constantly striving to redefine our standards of excellence. Benefits At NAB, we provide access to a large number of exclusive employee benefits that will support you both personally and professionally. These include volunteer leave, education and learning benefits and banking & financial services discounts for example. Visit our benefits page for more information http://www.nab.com.au/about-us/careers/working-at-nab/benefits How to apply If you are ready to take the next step in your career, we are keen to hear from you! Please note, candidate screening and interviews may take place prior to the advertised close date. To be eligible to apply, you must have Australian or New Zealand citizenship or permanent residency status. Please apply via the link. We embrace diversity of thought, style and working arrangements to ensure our workforce is representative of the community that we serve. 
 Are you a Registered Tax Accountant? Work with Australia's #1 online Tax Agent “ providing convenience and great online tax services to clients Join our vibrant and successful team of Tax Reviewers and Registered Tax Agents. A great way to earn an additional income, with the ability to determine your own workload and working hours operating within the comfort of your own home. This is a short-term contract for the upcoming tax season only. Our client base consists of: Individual tax payers Small and Medium size Enterprise Our online systems help you to efficiently review client tax returns prior to lodgement. System training is provided to help you in the process. Responsibilities include: Reviewing client tax returns Requesting further information or documents from clients where required Advising when tax refunds can be improved Adhering to TPB, ATO and in-house guidelines Lodging compliant and honest returns Responding professionally to all correspondence (both internal and external) Skills include: 2-3 years' current Australian Individual Tax Return experience Current experience lodging and reviewing individual and business tax returns Excellent written communication skills Able to work efficiently and independently Role Requirements:    Registered Tax Agent license Reliable computer and high speed internet Able to respond promptly to correspondence within a 24 hour time-frame Please note: Due to a large volume of returns at our practice, you must be available from the beginning of June to the middle of August. Training commences early June, in preparation for work starting July 1st. If this position sounds right for you, we want to hear from you! Please copy and paste the URL below into your preferred browser to apply. https://etax.peoplehr.net/Pages/JobBoard/Opening.aspx?v=d2ecfd5d-1767-4b08-8fcc-68d2d5de21d4 Any other enquiries please contact Human Resources on (07) 3457 5193. 
 Detailed analysis and review of product performance, combined with month end reporting and results Your new company A market leading division of a global business that supplies homeware and hardware on a retail and wholesale basis, that innovates new products, delivers on margins and ensures ultimate performance across the board. A true focal point of the industry. Your new role Financial analysis Management accounting Product and performance analysis Margin reports Stakeholder reviews Month-end reporting Commentary and review What you'll need to succeed CPA OR CA qualification Previous experience with product based operations Detailed analytical skills Ability to review product performance and margins Strong communication and engagement skills What you'll get in return Very competitive salary & rewards Be part of acquisition and growth Collaborative team Opportunity & growth for all staff Excellent location and facilities What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Paul Turk in the Glen Waverley office on 03 8562 4250 for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices.  Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to compliance work at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff that who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels. Who are we looking for? People with experience in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? Work in one of our Compliance teams. The senior roles (APS 5 and APS6) will usually work as team leaders where the more junior roles (APS 3 and APS 4) will form the core of our teams. you will work in one of the sections listed here: Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program. Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You enjoy working as part of a team and the more senior roles need people who have experience leading teams You have some  understanding and experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have an understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You have good judgement to contribute to decision making, and can seek assistance when it is needed. What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3 “ APS6 “ range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health   Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Competitive salary, including NFP salary packaging and super Office located in Leichhardt Dynamic consultative business partnering opportunity Closing date: 27th April 2017 The Executive Director of Catholic Schools invites applications for the following position: Regional Finance Manager Sydney Catholic Schools (SCS) is responsible for the leadership of 152 Catholic primary and secondary schools across the Archdiocese of Sydney, which educates over 70,000 students. Reporting to the CFO, this position exists to provide financial advice, support and guidance to schools on a daily basis. Appointees will be assigned to a group of schools and will be expected to build effective relationships with the leadership and staff of these schools and with the leadership of their assigned region. A key part of this role will be to communicate with, mentor and train school staff on an individual and/or group basis in a proactive and positive fashion. We are presently recruiting for two (2) positions.  The successful candidate will have: Minimum 5 years' experience in finance/accounting roles This role is based at CEO Leichhardt but will require frequent travel to regional offices and schools. A current driver's license and use of own vehicle is essential  Essential Criteria Thorough knowledge of contemporary accounting processes, policies and practices Budget preparation and administration Highly developed communication and group presentation skills Consultation and personal networking skills Sound negotiation and conflict resolution skills An ability to interact positively with people of differing needs and abilities Demonstrated initiative and ability to work independently and as a part of a team Ability to use Microsoft Excel, Word and accounting packages as well as Gmail and Google Docs.  Desirable Criteria Experience of working in an educational setting Experience in accounting software packages  APPLICATION PROCESS Applicants must formalise their application by submitting a completed SCS Application Form, resume and a covering letter addressing the selection criteria to hr.recruitment@syd.catholic.edu.au WORKING WITH CHILDREN CLEARANCE This role is classified as a child related work and therefore we require a working with children clearance to be completed prior to your commencement with us. 
 The opportunity We currently have a full time maximum term contract opportunity (until end of July 2019) for a Senior Investment Accountant to join QIC's International Real Estate Finance team in Brisbane. Reporting to the Investment Accounting Manager of International Real Estate, the Senior Investment Accountant is responsible for the ongoing accounting, trust administration and support to the international real estate funds. This position provides a rare opportunity to join a high performing finance team within an iconic funds management global organisation. You will bring your solid fund accounting experience along with a keen interest in real estate to work alongside experienced and intelligent colleagues. The key accountabilities of the Senior Investment Accountant include but not limited to: Preparation of monthly & quarterly reporting and annual statutory reporting for international investments, including mandate reporting and assistance with US REITs platform accounting, covering: Preparation and analysis of monthly accounts/unit pricing and management reports, which includes preparation of monthly journal entries, cash at bank, general ledger reconciliations and consolidations Uploads of accounting information to ledgers and liaison with US property agent and joint venture partners accounting teams for queries on transactions and capital expenditures Translation of foreign operations and foreign monetary items where relevant Assistance with Project related matters such as investment platform structure changes, report building and month-end process changes Set up new entities in the accounting and banking systems Review and support to Investment Accountant for all work in relation to the QIPF month-end reporting, including unit pricing, valuation, consolidation, currency exposure, cash management and tax Annual tax return preparation for Australian entities to the US platform and QIPF Maintain process mapping and model registers, liaising with team members to ensure they are up to date and tested appropriately Maintain systems and reporting for new structures and changing client requests (OneSource) Ensure accurate roll-over and set up and testing of new accounting system (eFront) for US and QIPF funds Support for testing and implementation of various investment accounting software Provision of timely and comprehensive responses to ad hoc client queries, including holdings in funds, reporting timetables, stamp duty issues, asset information, unit pricing, accounting policies The ideal candidate As an ideal candidate for this role, you will demonstrate the ability to work closely with a team and adapt to changing requirements with an aptitude for problem-solving. Ideally you will also have the following: Accounting, commerce, business degree At least 5 years' accounting experience Exposure to accounting for Trusts, Companies, Partnerships Knowledge of accounting procedures, Australian and International accounting standards, valuation and consolidation principles, taxation concepts CA/CPA qualified Proficient level of Excel and analytical skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Manage multiple tasks in a professional and mature manner Proven experience in being part of a team and maintaining a high-performance culture Experience with TechnologyOne and Efront FrontInvest   QIC Limited (QIC) is a leading global alternatives investment provider for sovereign wealth funds, superannuation funds and other institutional investors. QIC delivers services to over 110 like-minded institutional investors in Australia and internationally with more than A$84.8 billion (28 February 2018) in funds under management. Spanning fixed interest and liquid strategies, infrastructure, real estate, private capital and multi-asset solutions, QIC adapts its approach to suit the investor and the investment context. At QIC our pursuit is to be an inclusive organisation, one in which every employee has a true voice. We want every employee to have a sense of belonging within QIC and this includes feeling like his or her difference is valued, whatever the difference. We want to build people leader capability to reduce unintended bias and ensure we are leveraging the uniqueness of all our people.  To apply To apply, please submit a cover letter and CV via our careers portal by 11pm  29th April 2018 Applications from Recruitment Agencies will not be considered.  Follow QIC on LinkedIn to receive the latest industry news and job updated at https://www.linkedin.com/company/qic   
Our client is part of a network of solution focused accountancy and consulting firms in Australia and New Zealand supported by global international links. They offer a full service accounting solution with experienced partners and an enthusiastic team.   With over 60 partners and 590 staff, our client has grown into one of Australia and New Zealand's leading chartered accountancy networks. Currently they are seeking to recruit a Manager - Assurance and Consulting based in their Canberra office. As a great team player, together with your technical capability and strong client service focus, you will be able to lead and contribute ideas to continually improve our client's programmes. Responsibilities: The provision of a suite of accounting, internal audit and consulting services to SMEs primarily in the government and not-for-profit sectors. The range of typical engagements would include: Internal audits Risk management framework reviews Assurance engagements: testing of controls, data analytics and continuous auditing Regulatory compliance reviews Performance auditing Financial consulting and external reporting Business process improvements Financial modelling and benchmarking Forensic accounting, evidentiary and independent accountant reports External audits Experience & Qualifications: Relevant tertiary qualification/s A minimum of 3-4 year's local experience in an internal audit role along with previous experience within a broader Accounting/Finance role with a focus on Business process improvements ‹General experience in all facets of the accounting cycle and the integration of accounting systems with other business systems and processes ‹An understanding of typical key controls and processes engaged to reduce risk, maintain an audit trail and efficiently deliver corporate services Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Strong research methodology Analytical with high attention to detail Exceptional client service skills As an established and highly reputable firm, our client offers a culture that emphasises career growth, professional development, an inclusive and collaborative environment, with the opportunity to be part of a highly successful global network with access to a variety of clients and innovative resources. What's On Offer: Competitive remuneration package  Opportunity to build and lead a team Ongoing in-house training and development Modern offices Frequent staff social events A relaxed, professional working environment where staff genuinely enjoy what they do!    If you are interested in hearing more about this fantastic opportunity please APPLY today! 
 Our Australian client is looking for an ambitious Assistant Accountant.The role will be responsible for various accounting and administration tasks which include but not limited to updating general ledger, assisting the accounting team to prepare accurate and timely financial reports and accounting statements for senior management. Some of Key Activities include: General reconciliation of accounts General ledger of work Corporate Card management Bank Reconciliation Fixed Asset maintenance/reconciliation Inventory write-off report Insurance administration Assist in financial monthly reports An ideal candidate would be a graduate of University Bachelor's Degree in Accounting with minimum 2-3 years experience in general accounting. You should also demonstrate good organisational skills, good attention to details, excellent communication skills, self-motivated, team-oriented. If this is you and you are hungry to learn, hone your skills in a busy environment, please apply below! To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Please apply with a Word copy of your CV. Alternatively, please contact Abhi Thakur on athakur.mh1044@apply.maxhire.net, quoting Ref No. 8257-MH1044 
 Reconciliations Officer $55K - $60K + Super International Organisation An excellent opportunity has arisen in the finance team for a successful international organisation. If you are looking for a progressive Accounts opportunity this could be for you.   We are recruiting a Reconciliations Officer to join a commercial organisation in North Sydney. The company offers a fantastic innovative culture and people based environment.   This role will see the successful individual joining the Head Office team, working closely with key stakeholders and the finance function.   On offer is a fantastic supportive environment which actively supports individual's careers as well as providing a competitive benefit package.   Responsibilities for the role will include: Daily/weekly Bank reconciliations for multiple accounts Liaising with the Collections Officer on overdue accounts Daily receipting and bank statement processing Running weekly and monthly overdue debtor reports Account reconciliations Intercompany reconciliations Monthly journal processing Allocations of payments Managing the petty cash for multiple offices Managing foreign currencies Monthly banking Dealing with internal and external stakeholder queries   Requirements for the role will include: Experience in a similar Receipting/Reconciliations Officer role Intermediate Excel skills Excellent communication/interpersonal skills Ability to work autonomously and manage your own work load Good time management skills Willingness to learn and pick up new processes quickly A problem solver with a flexible approach to work If you are interested in this position and feel you meet the criteria then please contact Kate Goworek on 96412422 or send your CV to kateg@charterhouse.com.au  Quoting Reconciliations Officer North Sydney.     
 General ledger account reconciliations Payroll and associated direct and indirect taxes ABS surveys Initial gathering of information for tax returns Tenement reporting   
 If you are looking to join a fast growing and innovative organisation then this could be the role for you. My client is listed on the ASX and specialises in the technology field. The clients they work with are recognised globally and they have an amazing growth story since their inception. The organisation is now looking for a talented Financial Accountant to continue that growth. This role is newly created and will have oversight of all aspects of Finance. The role will be an integral source of support for the Group Financial Controller in ensuring compliance with statutory financial reporting requirements, as well as with monthly and ad hoc management reporting, liaising with external auditors, process improvements, ensuring compliance with internal controls and mentoring and developing junior team members. Key Responsibilities: Timely and accurate completion of month-end tasks, including completion and review of relevant balance sheet reconciliations. Preparation of meaningful variance analysis to support management review of performance Prepare monthly board packs Assist in the re-forecasting and budgeting process Other ad-hoc month end and management reporting tasks as required Preparation of annual and half-year statutory consolidated financial statements Support the Financial Controller in the monitoring, research and interpretation of new and amended accounting standards and reporting requirements to assess and document the impact on the Group's financial statements. Work with the Group FC and FP&A Manager to properly manage cash flow for the group Prepare cash flow re forecasting Tax compliance, including BAS, GST & FBT Key Requirements: CA/CPA Qualified. 4 - 6 years experience in an accounting or finance related field with exposure to financial reporting and consolidation is essential. A desire to progress quickly in a fast growing international business. ASX reporting experience preferred but not required. Advanced Excel skills. Must have the ability to concisely communicate financial information to a broad audience including senior and non-financial colleagues. Excellent Written and verbal communication skills. Be process driven ensuring financial and operational controls are followed. To apply please click apply or call Greg Reynolds on 02 8289 3103 for a confidential discussion. 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices.  Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to compliance work at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff that who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels. Who are we looking for? People with experience in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? Work in one of our Compliance teams. The senior roles (APS 5 and APS6) will usually work as team leaders where the more junior roles (APS 3 and APS 4) will form the core of our teams. you will work in one of the sections listed here: Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program. Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You enjoy working as part of a team and the more senior roles need people who have experience leading teams You have some  understanding and experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have an understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You have good judgement to contribute to decision making, and can seek assistance when it is needed. What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3 “ APS6 “ range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health   Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 SOS Consulting is a family owned and operated business that specialises in implementing accounting and operational software and providing bookkeeping and administration support.   We are based on the Gold Coast but offer services to clients around Australia. Due to our strong growth, we are now seeking a part time Bookkeeper who can assist with both our internal and external bookkeeping requirements.   As a small boutique business, our team is very important. We have a wonderful team environment and looking for someone that meets the experience required but who will also integrate well into our team. We are looking for someone with advanced bookkeeping experience. Before applying please ensure you are confident in your experience and capability in the following. The key responsibilities for this position will include: Accounts payable Accounts receivable Payroll processsing Superannuation reporting & reconciliation WorkCover calculations Bank reconciliations Month end reporting and reconciliations BAS/IAS preparation The successful applicant will have; At least 5 years' experience in a similar position Demonstrated experience in preparation of accounts to Balance Sheet Demonstrated experience in processing of payroll using Xero Advanced experience in Xero Be proficient in the use of Microsoft Office programs including Excel and Word Be prepared to take ownership and responsibility for their assigned tasks and to manage tasks through to completion, Be highly organised, Have excellent communication skills Display attention to detail and Be willing to work with SOS's culture and vision. The position is part-time 20 hours a week, Monday to Friday. Salary for this position will be dependent on experience and qualifications. Accounting qualifications and experience in the use of Excel and Xero are a requirement for this position. IMMEDIATE START PREFERRED Please submit a cover letter and resume by clicking the 'apply' button below. Applications close 5.00pm Friday 27th of April 2018. Only successful applicants will be contacted. No Agencies Please. 
 About the business and the role Allied Express is Australia's largest privately owned courier and express freight transport company. With operations in all capital cities, our business provides courier, taxi truck, local and national distribution services to some of the biggest and most well known companies in Australia. This is an excellent opportunity with a national transport company processing weekly payroll for up to 350 employees for its Australian operations. A minimum of 5 years payroll processing experience in Micropay and Greentree payroll systems is required. Your responsibilities will be: All functions of the weekly payroll for Australia Reconciliations of months and year end payroll functions, including Payment Summaries, PAYG Reconciliations, Superannuation Reconciliations, WorkCover reconciliations Communication with managers and external authorities, including auditors Working with the company HR and Finance Departments The requirements are: An ability to work in an autonomous role Excel & Word skills essential Well organized, detail orientated A good communicator with a perfect command of written & verbal English The position reports to the Financial Controller and works closely with the Finance team to provide an outstanding payroll service to the Company. Applications should include a CV and a covering letter.  The covering letter is the applicant's opportunity to demonstrate a match with the essential selection criteria.  Regrettably, only those applicants closely matching the essential criteria will be contacted. Salary is negotiable based on experience.   
 Are you a Registered Tax Accountant? Work with Australia's #1 online Tax Agent “ providing convenience and great online tax services to clients Join our vibrant and successful team of Tax Reviewers and Registered Tax Agents. A great way to earn an additional income, with the ability to determine your own workload and working hours operating within the comfort of your own home. This is a short-term contract for the upcoming tax season only. Our client base consists of: Individual tax payers Small and Medium size Enterprise Our online systems help you to efficiently review client tax returns prior to lodgement. System training is provided to help you in the process. Responsibilities include: Reviewing client tax returns Requesting further information or documents from clients where required Advising when tax refunds can be improved Adhering to TPB, ATO and in-house guidelines Lodging compliant and honest returns Responding professionally to all correspondence (both internal and external) Skills include: 2-3 years' current Australian Individual Tax Return experience Current experience lodging and reviewing individual and business tax returns Excellent written communication skills Able to work efficiently and independently Role Requirements:    Registered Tax Agent license Reliable computer and high speed internet Able to respond promptly to correspondence within a 24 hour time-frame Please note: Due to a large volume of returns at our practice, you must be available from the beginning of June to the middle of August. Training commences early June, in preparation for work starting July 1st. If this position sounds right for you, we want to hear from you! Please copy and paste the URL below into your preferred browser to apply. https://etax.peoplehr.net/Pages/JobBoard/Opening.aspx?v=d2ecfd5d-1767-4b08-8fcc-68d2d5de21d4 Any other enquiries please contact Human Resources on (07) 3457 5193. 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices.  Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to compliance work at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff that who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels. Who are we looking for? People with experience in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? Work in one of our Compliance teams. The senior roles (APS 5 and APS6) will usually work as team leaders where the more junior roles (APS 3 and APS 4) will form the core of our teams. you will work in one of the sections listed here: Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program. Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You enjoy working as part of a team and the more senior roles need people who have experience leading teams You have some  understanding and experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have an understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You have good judgement to contribute to decision making, and can seek assistance when it is needed. What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3 “ APS6 “ range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health   Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Senior Group Reporting role  Sydney CBD  $130k - $150k + Super   A well-established organisation, this business has grown significantly over the years and now has a large, highly motivated team in place as it seeks new growth opportunities. Their management level foster a high performance culture that rewards individual achievement and ability. This role will sit in the group team, looking after a key division and focusing on: Financial reporting Consolidated group financial statements Packs and presentations Technical accounting papers and memos Ad hoc projects This position will challenge any accountant and would ideally suit a CA qualified first mover from the Big 4 who is keen to take their technical skills and develop them within a commercial environment. A strong leader is preferred as the idea is for this person to step up to Finance Manager in the next 2 years so ambitious, motivated and keen individuals are preferred. If you are at manager level within a big 4 firm and looking for something different outside of the world of audit, this position is well worth investigating further. Interested? Apply via Seek or send your resume to nick.vlotman@lawsonelliott.com.au quoting reference NV2391 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices.  Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to compliance work at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff that who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels. Who are we looking for? People with experience in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? Work in one of our Compliance teams. The senior roles (APS 5 and APS6) will usually work as team leaders where the more junior roles (APS 3 and APS 4) will form the core of our teams. you will work in one of the sections listed here: Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program. Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You enjoy working as part of a team and the more senior roles need people who have experience leading teams You have some  understanding and experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have an understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You have good judgement to contribute to decision making, and can seek assistance when it is needed. What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3 “ APS6 “ range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health   Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 The Company A expanding Transport Group of Companies located South of the River, looking for a Group Accountant to oversee the Group's Accounting and Financial Requirements.   The Role - Preparation of weekly/monthly reporting to Management -Preparation of monthly compliance reporting -Assist with the co-ordination of annual budgets -Data analysis and business unit forecasting -Group systems enhancement and expense reduction strategies - Peer financial support and guidance - Financial Modelling for tenders, current work packages and potential new markets   Successful Candidate - A Qualified Accountant (CPA/CA) - Transport background would be beneficial, but not essential - Excellent analysis and financial reporting skills - Hard working, Energetic with a desire to promote continuous improvement - Excellent written and verbal communication skills - A proven team leader   
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices. Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  Who are we looking for? People with extensive experience and leadership roles in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? You will lead a team in one of the Compliance Sections; Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts; Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program; You will influence and develop strategy, policies, priorities and practices relating to the health provider compliance program. Who are you? You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and extensive experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will be comfortable and experienced exercising a considerable degree of independence with decision making substantially dependent on your high level judgement What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices.  Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to compliance work at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff that who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels. Who are we looking for? People with experience in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? Work in one of our Compliance teams. The senior roles (APS 5 and APS6) will usually work as team leaders where the more junior roles (APS 3 and APS 4) will form the core of our teams. you will work in one of the sections listed here: Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program. Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You enjoy working as part of a team and the more senior roles need people who have experience leading teams You have some  understanding and experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have an understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You have good judgement to contribute to decision making, and can seek assistance when it is needed. What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3 “ APS6 “ range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health   Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices. Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  Who are we looking for? People with extensive experience and leadership roles in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? You will lead a team in one of the Compliance Sections; Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts; Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program; You will influence and develop strategy, policies, priorities and practices relating to the health provider compliance program. Who are you? You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and extensive experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will be comfortable and experienced exercising a considerable degree of independence with decision making substantially dependent on your high level judgement What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 About our client: Part of one of the world's largest media groups, this agency is known for its innovative and fun culture. An opportunity now exists for a commercially-minded Finance Manager to join the team in Sydney's CBD. The role: Reporting to the Divisional Finance Director and working closely with Account Directors and Managing Directors, this broad and varied role will see you manage the financials of the business whilst providing decision support to help drive the business forward. Specifically you will: Support strategic decisions through the provision of insightful analysis including business performance analysis and client profitability analysis Prepare budgets and forecasts, working closely with the business to ensure targets are met Provide accurate and timely financial reports in accordance with US GAAP standards Work to ensure SOX compliance, managing SOX examinations and yearly internal audits Manage treasury and cashflow Ensure financial systems adequately meet the needs of the business Identify and drive process improvements across finance and the wider business Take part in ad-hoc projects as required Manage one Financial/Management Accountant About you: Highly motivated and proactive, you will have strong stakeholder engagement skills and be able to effectively partner with the finance team and non-finance stakeholders. CA/CPA qualified with a solid understanding of accounting standards including USGAAP, you will have relevant financial and management accounting experience gained in a complex environment. Previous commercial finance/decision support experience gained within media buying will be highly regarded. What's on offer? This is an exciting opportunity to be part of a business experiencing significant growth. The firm places a high priority on employee well-being, offering generous benefits in addition to competitive salaries. Hydrogen UK Limited is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. 
 A fantastic opportunity has become available for an Accounts Officer to join the finance team in a leading company in the legal sector. This position is based in Sydney's CBD and is suitable for someone who has strong attention to detail, works well in high volume environments and has excellent communication. The Accounts Officer will be responsible for: Accounts Payable Accounts Receivable Processing Petty Cash Reconciliations Trust Accounts Monitoring expenses Responding to internal and external queries Ad-hoc financial support and requests. The right person for the role will have: Experience with Accounts Payables/Receivables/Accounts Officer role Have high attention to detail and be highly efficient Experience within legal/professional sector will be highly regarded Experience with Aderant is desirable however not essential Exceptional written and spoken English Intermediate-Advanced Excel skills Benefits for the role include: A competitive salary and bonus opportunities - Negotiable $60-$70k+ Super The chance to work with a fantastic team and excellent organisation Training and development If you meet the requirements as stated please apply as soon as possible. This role is immediately available however the client is able to wait a notice period. Unfortunately only suitable candidates will be contacted. For any additional questions please call Lucy Milenkovic on 02 
 The Company This practice currently has over 30 professional staff and 4 Partners, which includes an experienced senior leadership team and a group of driven and passionate accountants and business advisers. Established more than 20 years ago, this firm has a secure client base which continues to grow. They are highly recognised for their depth and knowledge in accounting, tax and the solid advice they provide to their clients. Their client base covers a broad range of industries, including manufacturing, media, advertising and IT, with turnovers ranging up to $100M. You will be working in a team environment with direct contact and mentoring from Senior members of staff and Partners. They have a policy of investing in their staff and continued development of skills, knowledge and experience. You will experience ongoing professional development through diverse experiences, training and educational programs to improve key skills, knowledge and the level of service provided to clients. The Position Your role will include but no be limited too; Preparation of tax returns and financial statements for Companies, Partnerships & Trusts Consulting with clients and assist with preparing taxation advice, restructuring, asset protection and estate planning Be involved with the management of the client relationship About You Hold a relevant degree qualification CA or CPA near completion or desire to start 2 years + experience as a Business Services Accountant Have exposure to dealing with clients Experience using MYOB & XERO Clear communication skills, both written and verbal Enjoy working in a team environment and being part of a collaborative culture If you are interested in this opportunity or would like to discuss your career, please apply below for a confidential discussion. Sam Sweeney 
 Otto & Partners is currently seeking a Tax & Business Services Manager to join their team. Skills & Experience:    Excellent client management and interpersonal skills    CA/CPA Qualifications and currently employed at the manager / associate level    10+ years business services and advisory experience in Australia    Very high technical skills and ability This role offers a unique opportunity to base yourself in Noosa without sacrificing your career goals and your pay package.   All applications are completely confidential.   Email applications to: kesh@ottopartners.com.au 
 Pivotal role in the preparation of Councils Long Term Financial Plan Dynamic small team working in a friendly environment Permanent, full-time position enjoying a 19 day four week cycle An exciting opportunity has become available for a confident and experienced Management Accountant (Long Term Financial Plan). About the role Reporting directly to the Deputy Chief Financial Officer you will be responsible for reviewing, updating and developing Council's Long Term Financial Plan. Additional responsibilities include: assisting in the review and preparation of Council's budget; contributing to the development of Council's corporate reporting framework and reconciling and monitoring Council's cash reserves.  Salary for this position is based on skills, experience and qualifications and will range from $80,838pa to $93,772pa plus superannuation.   About You In addition to holding the relevant tertiary qualifications, you will have demonstrated experience in a senior accounting position, with the ability to prepare and review complex reports and reconciliations. The right candidate will be able to demonstrate their experience in driving change through policy, procedural and system improvements. They will also have an understanding of the Integrated Planning and Reporting Framework, having previously contributed to the preparation of the Resourcing Strategy, including the analysis of Asset Management Plans and the Workforce Plan. About us Located in the Southern Highlands, Wingecarribee Shire Council is within comfortable travelling distance of Sydney, Canberra, the South Coast and the Illawarra. With four distinct and stunning seasons combined with glorious countryside rich in biodiversity and appeal, it's an enviable lifestyle location.  How to Apply Applications including a cover letter, resume and statement addressing both the Essential and Desirable Selection Criteria are to be submitted online by visiting www.wsc.nsw.gov.au (Careers @ Council).  The Selection Criteria is contained in the Position Description which you will need to download and review the criteria before submitting your on-line application. All documents are to be attached either as a PDF or Microsoft Office Word document. Applications not addressing the Essential and Desirable Selection Criteria may not be considered.  Intending applicants are advised to read Council's Recruitment Information Package which can be found at www.wsc.nsw.gov.au (Careers @ Council), before submitting their on-line application. Please note:  The online process allows for three (3) items to be uploaded i.e. Resume, Covering Letter and your statement addressing the Selection Criteria.  For a confidential discussion or to obtain further information please contact Council's Deputy Chief Financial Officer, Mr Damien Jenkins on (02) 4868 0737. Only candidates with the right to work in Australia will be considered for the position. Closing date for applications is Monday 30 April 2018 
 A permanent Payroll Officer position has become available within the retail industry located in the Sydney's CBD. This exciting opportunity seeks an enthusiastic, ambitious and motivated Payroll Officer for a full function position ensuring the efficient processing of salary, associated payments & maintenance for a combined payroll of 2000 staff across Australia and New Zealand. The Payroll Officers main duties include: Maintain and process end to end payroll weekly and monthly for Australia and New Zealand with relevant Awards. Dealing with pay queries and providing support to employees. Process terminations, maternity leave & annual leave payroll Prepare, balance & reconcile payroll, PAYG, FBT, Payroll Tax, Worker's Comp, Superannuation and other associated payroll generated payments Calculate salary payments Complete monthly reporting e.g. headcount, Annual Leave entitlements, and other payroll related reports as directed. Ensure timely payment of salaries, taxation, superannuation contributions etc., in accordance with legislative, award and policy requirements The right person will have: Sound background in payroll with a minimum of 3 years experience Exceptional communication both written and spoken Knowledge of Australian and New Zealand legislation is highly regarded Experience within the retail industry is preferred however not essential Understanding of roster and EBA interpretation Intermediate to Advanced Excel skills A great positive attitude and excellent work ethic This company is BIG on development and training so if you tick 70% of the above please apply as they are looking for the right personality and are happy to train the rest. The salary for this role is will range between $70 - $80K + Super based on experience. To submit your application, in strict confidence, please apply online using the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Lucy Milenkovic in our Sydney office on 8233 2854. Please read the duties and experience requirements carefully before applying for this role. Only successful applicants will be contacted. 
About the firm:    This mid-tier firm is based in the Brisbane CBD and specialises in a range of accounting services. The firm has recently been through a growth period and  The firm has approximately 30 staff and an 8 person audit team. There are two partners who are attentive, involved, and driven to succeed and grow the business further. Their team pride themselves on being detailed, supportive, communicative and most of all having an excellent understanding of their clients' needs. The firm is committed to providing continuous learning and development, and in turn, have great career progression opportunities within.       About the role:  Working closely with experienced partners, the firm is looking for professional and dedicated intermediate audit accountants to join their team. They work across a very mixed industry, ensuring variety in the work. You will undertake audits in different sized teams for a wide variety of different entities including listed and non-listed corporations, not-for-profits and government departments/agencies. No international travel required, however, some travel within SEQ, SYD, MEL, ADL; this will be shared equally with the team.  Benefits Include:      CA fees paid upfront Fast-tracked career progression opportunities Market leading ongoing in-house training Partner and manager interaction & access   Excellent career progression opportunities Opportunity to be part of an expanding team going from strength to strength    About you:  In order to be successful in this role, it is essential you have: 18 months to 4 years' experience in audit within a local chartered firm Bachelor's degree in accounting/commerce  Enrolled with or completed CA or CPA  Very strong communication & interpersonal skills “ vital to their growing business. If you would like to have a confidential discussion about this opportunity or securing a new role in a chartered firm, please call Kathryn Bor on (07) 3224 9320. 
 The Company Robert Half Executive Search has been engaged exclusively by a global leader in the Sports/ Leisure field. Established in Australia nearly 50 years ago, and now fully owned by the international market leader, they have created a new role to provide for a Business Change & Improvement Manager to drive growth and profitability for the Australian operation. With its global footprint and growth plans to expand the SME Australian operation, you will partner with the Australian Executive to facilitate the enterprise's next phase of growth. This is an exciting and dynamic position for a highly motivated commercial finance professional to join a values based market leading organisation. The Role Reporting to the General Manager Australia, this newly created role will focus on the effective change and business process improvement management of the business. Your first 100 days will be to review business processes, online presence, customer retention and loyalty programs and importantly deliver a detailed store analysis with a clear plan to optimise all sales channels. A broad summary of your responsibilities will include: Store profitability analysis and understanding future real estate investments for store expansions Enhancing ROI from existing sales channels including Retail stores, Online and B2B Making recommendations to improve current business operations Identifying and outlining high-level strategy for future sales growth Assessing current capabilities, requirements and required investment to set the business up for growth within a mature industry Analysing geographical data to determine optimal location for existing and future channels Launching new app based technology Deep diving into each revenue stream and focusing on improvements by understanding ROA, true customer profitability and procurement improvements Your Profile You will have extensive experience in commercial finance and analysis roles within either industry, ideally obtained within inventory-based businesses such as Retail, FMCG or Manufacturing, or Professional Services. Your analytical and problem solving mindset will translate to skills in financial modelling, M&A, data analysis, transformational change management, as well as the ability to communicate business performance and improvement strategies to Executive and Business operations alike. You will have strong communication skills that enable you to build relationships across the business, with importance placed on working closely with the store teams to enhance product mix and improve inventory procedures. You will be excellent at working both independently and collaboratively, and can use your influencing skills to make a real impact on the future of this business. Apply Today Please send your resume by clicking on the apply button or for further information, contact Rebecca Gist or Sam Branigan at our Melbourne office on 03 9691 3643. Learn more about our Melbourne recruitment services: http://www.roberthalf.com.au/recruitment-agency-melbourne 
 Immediate Start Accounts Receivable - Aged Care or Service Industry Experience - Team Player. Your new company This Large Healthcare Organisation that prides themselves in delivering outstanding service and making a difference to people's lives. Your new role Immediate start your role Collect and allocate receivables from customers Manage high volume collections Allocate all customers accounts daily Provide reporting cash flow and potential issues Complete monthly debtor reporting What you'll need to succeed Experience in complex Accounts Receive Role Excellent time management and strong attention to detail High volume collections Excellent communications skills Problem Solving Skills Good understanding of sales, invoicing and collection process What you'll get in return You will receive the opportunity to be part of an exciting and growing organisation. With excellent career opportunities, ongoing training and the chance to be part of an amazing team of talented individuals. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now 9804 5313. Or Email Sarah.Brooker@hays.com.au If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Commercial Controller- Facility Services Our company is a leading Facility Services company that has been established in Geelong for more than 25 years.  As we drive the business forward on an aggressive growth path we are seeking a highly motivated and astute Commercial Controller to join our team. Based out of our Geelong headquarters and reporting to our General Manager, the role involves managing a blend of operational, contractual and financial controls within our business.  Whilst the successful candidate will be able to demonstrate administrative and analytical expertise, this challenging role requires a commercially minded person that can develop a structured operating rhythm that supports the businesses daily operations and continuous improvement.                 Key Accountabilities Include: Managing business workflow: Daily management of our Contact Centre & local customer transactions Oversight of all work requests & status Managing quotation and pricing processes Staff Planning & Analysis Supporting team of Operations Managers with insight Control roster planning and analysis to support better control of labour productivity Develop systems and analytics to help our Operations Team plan work better Project Management: Procedural control of projects requiring handover to the offshore contact centre Reporting: Leadership in developing internal analytics & dashboards that drive business improvements Develop and deliver consistent client reporting for sales team Systems: Develop better integration of systems to support the above objectives System administration for key software packages Control basic IT admin hierarchy & ensure appropriate controls are in place Skills/Qualifications: Relevant Tertiary Qualification Advanced IT skills (min level is advanced MS Excel- capability in basic SQL viewed favourable) Minimum 5 years experience in relevant roles that help to demonstrate competency & experience suitable to the role as described 
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices. Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  Who are we looking for? People with extensive experience and leadership roles in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? You will lead a team in one of the Compliance Sections; Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts; Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program; You will influence and develop strategy, policies, priorities and practices relating to the health provider compliance program. Who are you? You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and extensive experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will be comfortable and experienced exercising a considerable degree of independence with decision making substantially dependent on your high level judgement What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Experienced Assistant Account wanted to join our head office in Melville. Initial 4-6 month contract with a potential to become permanent. The role is available for part time hours, preferably Monday to Friday 9am-2pm. These hours are flexible. The ideal candidate will have at least 2 years' experience within a similar role and preferably within the automotive industry. As the Assistant Accountant you will be responsible for high volume reconciliations, maintenance of the general ledge and fixed assets register. General ledger reconciliation experience Good problem solver and work well towards strict deadlines Advanced MS office skills Excellent communication skills both written and verbal About the company The Magic Group of companies was formed in 1980 by the Bennett and Wendt families and over time has been streamlined and now comprises Ford, Honda, Hyundai, Kia, Nissan, Renault, Subaru and Suzuki dealerships. Through its various locations, Magic Group dealerships are able to easily provide and deliver vehicles of choice all over WA. Dealerships within the group include Magic Nissan, Magic Kia, Melville Renault, Rockingham Nissan and the multi franchise Midwest Auto Group in Geraldton. Magic Enterprises is proudly WA owned and the directors and their families continue to take a very hands on approach to management of the Group. Culture A career at Magic Enterprises is like no other, we are passionate about working as a team and our customers are our number 1 priority. We are proud of their winning culture by providing training and development and monthly values awards to our employees! Our goal is to live our company values and have fun! To apply for this position, upload your resume by clicking the 'APPLY' button below. 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices.  Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to compliance work at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff that who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels. Who are we looking for? People with experience in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? Work in one of our Compliance teams. The senior roles (APS 5 and APS6) will usually work as team leaders where the more junior roles (APS 3 and APS 4) will form the core of our teams. you will work in one of the sections listed here: Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program. Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You enjoy working as part of a team and the more senior roles need people who have experience leading teams You have some  understanding and experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have an understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You have good judgement to contribute to decision making, and can seek assistance when it is needed. What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3 “ APS6 “ range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health   Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Deal with diverse industry sectors, clients from multi entity groups, largest being $200M+, 40+ entity groups. Your new company This role is a fantastic opportunity for an intermediate accountant who is eager to learn and grow, being guided by senior staff with a wealth of experience. You will be exposed to a strong client base, using your technical skills to provide a high level of consultation to clients. Your new role The role will include duties including, but not limited to: Assist with the preparation of income tax returns, financial statements and other related documents Preparation of tax projections for clients Basic payroll processing Assist in end of year reporting Liaising with clients Data entry What you'll need to succeed This will be a fulfilling and challenging role that will require a minimum of 1 years' experience within an Australian professional practice. You will be enrolled in the CA/CPA programme and have an impeccable work ethic along with a hands on and proactive approach to your work. Excellent communication skills are essential. What you'll get in return In return you will receive exposure to diverse and high profile clients. You will receive a competitive salary package, with great opportunity to learn, develop and progress your career. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or Tom Miles on 96049517 now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Our client is a family practice looking for an experienced Senior Tax Accountant to complete income tax returns for individuals, partnerships, companies and trusts for a broad range of clientele.  The mission of the business is to provide every client with exceptional, professional and personalised service that exceeds expectation.  This part time role (around 25 hours) will see you enjoying all the benefits of working for a busy family orientated business with flexible hours being offered.  About You Ideally you are: CPA or CA qualified with solid accounting and tax experience Experienced in liaising directly with clients and conducting client interviews if and when required Great with people and can be a positive mentor for our Graduate Accountant Flexible and can work in an environment with people working varied hours Hardworking and prepared to do all that is required for the team An excellent communicator both verbally and written Well organised and can work happily in a team or autonomously About the Role Reporting to the Management Team the key accountabilities in the role will include: Preparation and management of all monthly, quarterly and annual BAS and IAS, including liaising with bookkeepers and other Preparation of Income Tax Returns for individuals, partnerships, companies and trusts Preparation of financial statements and returns Preparation of budgets and cash flow reports What's on Offer Flexible hours, fun team environment and a supportive culture are just some of the benefits you can expect from working for this firm.  Please click Apply Now and attach a copy of your CV and cover letter. 
 Work with Australia's #1 online Tax Agent “ providing convenience and great online tax services to clients Join our vibrant and successful team of Tax Reviewers and Registered Tax Agents. A great way to earn an additional income, with the ability to determine your own workload and working hours operating within the comfort of your own home. This is a short-term contract for the upcoming tax season only. Our client base consists of: Individual tax payers Small and Medium size Enterprise Our online systems help you to efficiently review client tax returns prior to lodgement. System training is provided to help you in the process. Responsibilities include: Reviewing client tax returns Requesting further information or documents from clients where required Advising when tax refunds can be improved Adhering to TPB, ATO and in-house guidelines Lodging compliant and honest returns Responding professionally to all correspondence (both internal and external) Skills include: 2-3 years' current Australian Individual Tax Return experience Current experience lodging and reviewing individual and business tax returns Excellent written communication skills Able to work efficiently and independently Role Requirements:    Reliable computer and high speed internet Able to respond promptly to correspondence within a 24 hour time-frame Please note: Due to a large volume of returns at our practice, you must be available from the beginning of June to the middle of August. Training commences early June, in preparation for work starting July 1st. If this position sounds right for you, we want to hear from you! Please copy and paste the URL below into your preferred browser to apply. https://etax.peoplehr.net/Pages/JobBoard/Opening.aspx?v=5674b4fd-2ad2-4433-96df-2b37ae9f1699 Any other enquiries please contact Human Resources on (07) 3457 5193. 
The Rubicor Group is one of the largest providers of recruitment and human resource services in Australia, New Zealand and Asia and have been listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) since 2007. Rubicor employs over 165 team members across 17 offices delivering complete staffing, payroll, consulting and managed services solutions across a diverse range of industry sectors and geographies.   The Rubicor Group are currently seeking a highly experienced, driven and demonstrated Payroll Officer to join our Shared Services Payroll team on a 3-4 month contract role. You will be working in a fast pace, high volume working environment and reporting to the Payroll Manger.   Key Responsibilities:  Processing of weekly contractor/temporary staff timesheets Entering new contractor/temporary staff payroll and superannuation details on to Payroll System Forwarding Tax Declaration Forms to ATO Printing contractor/temporary staff payroll reports Preparing EFT payroll files for transmission to the bank Sending weekly invoices for contractor/temporary staff clients Data entry, reconciliation and transmission of contractor/temporary staff superannuation funds on a monthly/quarterly basis  Responding to all payroll enquiries for contractor/temporary payrol   Essential Capabilities, Knowledge and Experience: Strong customer service skills Proven fast and accurate data entry skills Competency in use of Microsoft Office Applications Ability to manage multiple tasks and deadlines at once Ability to work within a fast paced/high pressure environment Ability to take initiative Superior written and verbal skills Ability to work within a team Ability to work under pressure Flexible and adaptable to work outside of core hours Desirable Capabilities, Knowledge and Experience: 2+ years experience in payroll processing and understanding of payroll statutory requirements Previous debtor collection and reconciliation experience Service industry background   If you believe you fit the criteria please submit your cover letter and CV in word format. Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. 
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices. Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  Who are we looking for? People with extensive experience and leadership roles in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? You will lead a team in one of the Compliance Sections; Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts; Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program; You will influence and develop strategy, policies, priorities and practices relating to the health provider compliance program. Who are you? You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and extensive experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will be comfortable and experienced exercising a considerable degree of independence with decision making substantially dependent on your high level judgement What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices. Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  Who are we looking for? People with extensive experience and leadership roles in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? You will lead a team in one of the Compliance Sections; Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts; Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program; You will influence and develop strategy, policies, priorities and practices relating to the health provider compliance program. Who are you? You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and extensive experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will be comfortable and experienced exercising a considerable degree of independence with decision making substantially dependent on your high level judgement What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Jurox is a 100% Australian owned Animal Health Company based at Rutherford in the Hunter Valley, NSW.  Our products are sold to veterinarians, consumers and rural merchandise outlets in Australia, New Zealand, Asia, Europe and North America.   Cost Accountant We are seeking a qualified and experienced Cost Accountant to join our administration and accounting department, reporting to the Administration and Accounting Manager.  Working within a manufacturing and distribution environment, this position will provide timely and accurate product costings, report and analyse cost variances and maintain the integrity of the Company's stock assets. This role is a permanent role, based at our head office in Rutherford, in the Hunter Valley. Job Description Coordinate inventory cycle counts and investigate and resolve cycle count variances Report on inventory levels, slow moving and obsolete Maintain stock cost accuracy Determining and maintaining product costing for new and existing products BOM creation and maintaining BOM accuracy Maintain work centre costings Review, investigate and report on standard vs actual cost variance Regularly analyse changes in product design, materials or manufacturing methods to determine effect on cost Assist in budget development and month end reporting Skills and Experience: Business or Accounting Degree CA/CPA qualifications Minimum 5 years experience in cost accounting disciplines within a manufacturing environment. Experience in initiating and conducting stock takes Proactive and flexible approach with strong communication skills Experience with ERP systems, Epicor preferred Adherence to safety requirements Your Application If your experience, skills and educational qualifications fits this profile, please submit your CV and cover letter quoting position number KC18008. Further information about Jurox can be found on the website: www.jurox.com.au RECRUITMENT AGENCIES NEED NOT APPLY Only those with the right to work in Australia need apply 
About the client Known as one of the key players in their area, this organisation has seen good growth in the past several years and established its brand all across Australia and Worldwide. Due to an internal promotion, they are looking to expand their business and seeking a highly talented Finance Manager to join their team. Your responsibilities Reporting to the FC, you will have responsibility over the accurate and timely financial and management reporting of the business, along with assisting in the company's future direction and supporting tactical initiatives. Other responsibilities include (but not limited to): Contribute to strategic planning and development as a member of the Executive team Managing a team of 5 Monthly reporting and financial management Budgeting and forecasting Statutory reporting Preparing detailed group management reports Process improvement across the division FX exposure The successful applicant You will be CA qualified accounting professional who has experience in a Retail/ Wholesale , starting your career in one of the Big 4 would be highly desirable. You will have exceptional interpersonal skills and a proven track record influencing key stakeholders both internally and externally.  Additional benefits Car parking on site Mentorship & career development Friendly work environment Staff benefits   To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Nikki on nshah@sharpandcarter.com.au  
 Flexible work environment that values diversity Large iconic WA company Organisation that invests in their people   An opportunity has become available for an entrepreneurial Finance Manager to join our team in Western Australia. Working with the regional leadership team you will be required to manage multiple business divisions including finance, procurement and IT. This is an exciting position that allows you to utilise your financial and commercial experience in order to provide support and guidance to the business with the aim of meeting the overall business strategy and targets. Use your analytical skill set to revise past performance while partnering with our key stakeholders to track and improve our future activity. In this role you have the opportunity to develop and implement change and process improvements and really create a culture of inclusiveness and progression. Collaborate with the Executive Management team and drive the business to new levels of success. If you are a degree qualified CA or CPA with a minimum of 10 years management experience, then we want to talk to you. Apply now to find out more about this exciting opportunity. 
 The Company A dominant national Top 20 Accounting firm who specialise in servicing the needs of private clients, SME's and international groups. This firm focuses on developing long-term relationships with their clients based on ongoing communication and contact. In this office, they have over 6 Partners and 50 staff, as a collective, their top priority is to continue to build on their reputation as the "trusted adviser". The Position As a senior accountant, some of the duties you will be responsible for are: Preparation of tax returns and financial statements for Companies, Partnerships & Trusts Consulting with clients and assist with preparing taxation advice, restructuring, asset protection and estate planning Develop strong and longstanding relationships with existing and new clients Helping other team members encouraging collaborative work Benefits Using the latest Cloud software in a paperless environment Highly focused on client satisfaction Diverse client base to broaden knowledge and skillset Full study support - paid leave and fees covered Collaborative and supportive working environment Professional development programs with clear career paths Competitive salaries and bonuses About You Hold a relevant degree qualification CA or CPA Qualified / Near completion 4 years + experience as a Business Services Accountant Experience dealing with clients directly, face to face meetings is a bonus Experience using MYOB & XERO Clear communication skills, both written and verbal Be comfortable communicating with staff at all levels If you are interested in this opportunity or would like more information, please apply below for a confidential discussion. Sam Sweeney 
 Finance and Business Services UQ Finance is responsible for the enabling achievement of the University's strategic ambitions by securing UQ's financial future through expert advice, systems and support.  In delivering on this, the Finance function will value professionalism and accountability.  Our approach is to treat everyone with respect and to work collaboratively to deliver excellent service. Finance at UQ operates within a devolved environment with Finance staff located in Professional Services teams in Faculties, Research Institutes and Central Divisions supported by Finance specialist service teams.   The role Based at The University of Queensland, Gatton Campus, the Senior Management Accountant is accountable for the provision of overall financial management advice and related services to the Office of the Director of the Gatton Campus (ODGC), supporting the achievement of client business and service delivery objectives. The ODGC operations include Gatton farms, a Registered Training Organisation, Halls of Residence and a research facility.  The role delivers sound financial analysis, supporting commentary and advice to senior leaders in client business units to inform periodic financial planning, forecasting and monitoring. The role partners with client leaders to manage annual budgets, establish financial controls and reporting disciplines, support the management of contracts, and embed appropriate financial risk management practices. The person Applicants should possess postgraduate qualifications in accounting, business, commerce, or a related field, or progress towards, with considerable experience in accounting and management. Experience applying financial policy, compliance, and risk frameworks, is essential, as are excellent financial management, accounting and analysis skills. The ability to establish and maintain productive working relationships with key stakeholders and clients is required, as is the ability to provide strategically aligned operational financial advice and solutions by partnering with clients to achieve desired outcomes and results. The University of Queensland values diversity and inclusion. Applications are particularly encouraged from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples. For further information please contact our Australian Indigenous Employment Coordinator at: atsi_recruitment@uq.edu.au   Applications are also encouraged from women. This role is a full-time position; however flexible working arrangements may be negotiated. Position Description  PD Senior Management Accountant_Fixed Term.pdf Remuneration This is a full-time fixed term appointment at HEW Level 8, based at The University of Queensland, Gatton Campus. The remuneration package will be in the range $92,811 - $104,214 p.a., plus employer superannuation contributions of 9.5% total package will be in the range $101,628 - $114,114 p.a.).  Enquiries To discuss this role please contact Brenda Williams on +61 07 3346 9480  or b.williams3@uq.edu.au.  To submit an application for this role, use the Apply button below. All applicants must supply the following documents: Cover letter and Resume. For information on completing the application process click here.   
 The Byrnecut Group With over 4,000 employees, the Byrnecut Group is a full service underground mining contractor, providing services to major mine owners throughout Australia and Internationally. We operate a multi-million dollar fleet of specialised underground mining equipment across multiple continents and conditions. We are currently seeking applications from motivated individuals to fill the position of Payroll Officer. Reporting to the Group Payroll and HR Manager, your duties will include: End to end payroll processing of multiple pay runs for multiple companies - on a fortnightly and monthly basis Month end reconciliations and journals Preparation and maintenance of long service and annual leave and ensure all data is prepared for month end journals Addressing all complex and basic payroll queries Making necessary statutory and third party payments for all entities Payroll tax calculations, reconciliations and payments - multiple states Compiling all superannuation information, maintaining data base and making payments for all entities Maintaining archived information Assisting in End to End payroll for overseas companies Completing ABS quarterly surveys Processing Workers Compensation spread sheets Establishing new employee files Processing end of year payment summaries Maintaining payroll systems, databases and files Perform complex calculations Other duties as required and/or requested by the Group Payroll & HR Manager   To be successful for this role, you must have the following skills and attributes: Minimum 4 years demonstrated payroll officer experience Intermediate to advanced level skills in Microsoft Excel, Word and Outlook Excellent data entry and attention to detail skills Time management skills Sound verbal and written communication skills An appreciation of privacy, confidentiality and compliance with laws, regulations and standards You must be a team player and be willing to help out team mates whenever necessary You must be a confident communicator Pronto software experience is desirable but not essential The successful candidate will be required to meet our pre-employment criteria including drug and alcohol screening prior to an Offer of Employment being made.  Please forward resume together with a covering letter to support your application, by COB Friday 20 April 2017. Applications must be received in WORD or PDF format only For more information about The Byrnecut Group please visit www.byrnecut.com.au Due to the high volume of applications received for our advertised positions, only those applicants who are shortlisted will be contacted.  To those applicants not shortlisted, we extend our appreciation for considering The Byrnecut Group as a potential employer. 
 Payroll Officer $75K + Super Australian Company near Wolli Creek   Are you looking for your next step into a payroll officer position? An Australian owned, reputable company based near Wolli Creek are recruiting a Payroll Officer to join their finance function.  Set in a friendly and commercial environment, this company is looking for an individual with experience in end to end Payroll to ensure accurate and timely payment of salaries and wages.   The company offers a fantastic innovative culture and people based environment and will see the successful individual joining the Head Office team, working closely with key stakeholders and the finance function.    Responsibilities for the role will include:   Processing and checking of weekly, fortnightly and monthly payroll for over 1000 employees as part of a team Understanding and completion of end to end payroll across all businesses and pay cycles Provision of information and payments for all statutory requirements (e.g. Superannuation, payroll tax, PAYG etc.) Maintaining employee files in respect of payroll obligations/issues Auditing of payrolls to ensure legislative and EBA/Award compliance Continual improvement of payroll operations Assisting management and staff with payroll related enquiries Working closely with Finance and HR to implement processes for the improvement and updating of the payroll function Requirements for the role will include: Experience in a similar role Attention to detail Analytical ability Consistency “ key to achieving daily cut off deadlines Optimism/positive and proactive attitude to work Excellent communication skills Able to work both autonomously and be part of a team If you are interested in this position and feel you meet the criteria, then please contact Kate Goworek with your CV to kateg@¦show email ; Quoting Payroll Officer South Sydney.   
 The South Australian Cricket Association is responsible for co-ordinating international and domestic cricket matches, coaching and development programs for boys and girls, umpiring and ground management. It also administers high performance cricket in SA, including the West End Redbacks, Breezair Scorpions and Adelaide Strikers mens and womens teams.  The Role Reporting to the Finance Manager, The Accounts payable/receivable Coordinator is responsible for supplier invoice entry, payment and reconciliation so that all transactions are accurate and processed in a timely fashion. They are also responsible for invoicing and management of accounts receivable. Key Responsibilities  Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable & System Support Drive process improvement & efficiency across the Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable functions Strong account processing skills The ability to manage high workloads and meet deadlines within specific time frames Excellent interpersonal skills, including oral and written communication, liaison and active listening The ability to liaise with a diverse range of people Unwavering integrity, authenticity, professionalism and customer focus A high attention to detail Sound computer skills particularly in word processing, data base and spread sheets Working knowledge of Basware Working knowledge of AX Qualifications Relevant qualifications in finance, commerce or book keeping would be an advantage Apply Today All applications are received in the strictest confidence. You will receive a response to indicate your resume has been received and applicants with suitable experience will be phoned within 5 working days of receipt of application. For further information please contact the office on (08) 8232 8008   
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices.  Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to compliance work at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff that who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels. Who are we looking for? People with experience in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? Work in one of our Compliance teams. The senior roles (APS 5 and APS6) will usually work as team leaders where the more junior roles (APS 3 and APS 4) will form the core of our teams. you will work in one of the sections listed here: Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program. Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You enjoy working as part of a team and the more senior roles need people who have experience leading teams You have some  understanding and experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have an understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You have good judgement to contribute to decision making, and can seek assistance when it is needed. What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3 “ APS6 “ range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health   Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Are you a Registered Tax Accountant? Work with Australia's #1 online Tax Agent “ providing convenience and great online tax services to clients Join our vibrant and successful team of Tax Reviewers and Registered Tax Agents. A great way to earn an additional income, with the ability to determine your own workload and working hours operating within the comfort of your own home. This is a short-term contract for the upcoming tax season only. Our client base consists of: Individual tax payers Small and Medium size Enterprise Our online systems help you to efficiently review client tax returns prior to lodgement. System training is provided to help you in the process. Responsibilities include: Reviewing client tax returns Requesting further information or documents from clients where required Advising when tax refunds can be improved Adhering to TPB, ATO and in-house guidelines Lodging compliant and honest returns Responding professionally to all correspondence (both internal and external) Skills include: 2-3 years' current Australian Individual Tax Return experience Current experience lodging and reviewing individual and business tax returns Excellent written communication skills Able to work efficiently and independently Role Requirements:    Registered Tax Agent license Reliable computer and high speed internet Able to respond promptly to correspondence within a 24 hour time-frame Please note: Due to a large volume of returns at our practice, you must be available from the beginning of June to the middle of August. Training commences early June, in preparation for work starting July 1st. If this position sounds right for you, we want to hear from you! Please copy and paste the URL below into your preferred browser to apply. https://etax.peoplehr.net/Pages/JobBoard/Opening.aspx?v=d2ecfd5d-1767-4b08-8fcc-68d2d5de21d4 Any other enquiries please contact Human Resources on (07) 3457 5193. 
 Accounts Payable Officer $60K - $70K + Super International Organisation We are recruiting an Accounts Payable Officer to join a global leader near Norwest business park. The company offers a fantastic innovative culture and people based environment.   This role will see the successful individual joining the Head Office team, working closely with key stakeholders and the finance function.   On offer is a fantastic supportive environment which actively supports individual's careers as well as providing a competitive benefit package.   Responsibilities for the role will include: Provide accurate and efficient invoice processing and payment services to multiple groups within the organisation Timely investigation and resolution of issues relating to invoices to both internal stakeholders and external vendors Action requests from the business regarding the payment of invoices, transfer of funds and settlements Processing of weekly payment runs Daily processing of bank transfers “ both internal and to 3rd parties - through online banking platform Review of invoice data entry for correction before posting to GL   Requirements for the role will include: Experience in a similar role Attention to detail Analytical ability Consistency “ key to achieving daily cut off deadlines Optimism/positive and proactive attitude to work Excellent communication skills Able to work both autonomously and be part of a team If you are interested in this position and feel you meet the criteria then please contact Kate Goworek on 02 9641 2422 or send your CV to kateg@charterhouse.com.au ; Quoting Accounts Payable Officer Norwest.     
 Are you currently an Accountant who used to be a Financial Planner? True HNW client management role, no business development Accounting and Financial Planning background? This is an excellent opportunity for a Client Manager who has an Accounting and Financial Planning background. You will be joining a well established company who have gone from strength to strength and are now looking to continue this positive company growth. They have a huge HNW client book that needs to be split and need a true client manager to look after these clients. We are looking for someone from a Business Services background due to the complexity of these HNW accounts along with in depth TAX exposure. You will be CA / CPA qualified along with a relevant financial services qualifications. If you are currently an Accountant who used to be a Financial Planner you could be the ideal candidate. As part of this role you will; Manage a HNW client base Have TAX and Financial Planning exposure Work with a range of loyal and long-term clients Have strong communication skills Be willing to embrace technology new systems are key to helping clients Have excellent excel skills Be part of a growing company and rewarded with excellent opportunities Salaries are dependent on experience but will be in the range of $120k - $130k + Super dependant on experience. Salaries outside this range are available for those with more or outstanding experience. Send your resumes to David Berritta at david@bentleyrecruitment.com.au or go onto our website at www.bentleyrecruitment.com.au for more opportunities. If you would like to discuss this or other opportunities please call me on 07 3229 8020. 
 About the Role: Manpower is seeking a senior taxation advisor a specialist in their field ideally with strong expertise in managing corporate tax or GST compliance processes. You must possess at least 6 + years of experience in Australia or New Zealand either in direct or indirect income taxation experience. Your role will entail the following duties:  Manage Corporate Tax, Transfer Pricing, Employment Tax, GST compliance processes as well as ensure all tax Accounting obligations of American Express in Australia and New Zealand are met in an accurate and timely manner  Provide advice to the compliance team, business and tax accounting team on direct and indirect tax matters  Coordinating and collating information and making representations required for revenue department enquiries  Managing workflow of compliance team Full time and part time applicants are welcome to apply Qualifications and experience to exceed in this role:  6+ years direct and/or indirect income tax experience  Undergraduate degree in an Accounting/Business discipline and have thorough understanding of accounting principles.  Chartered Accountant, Master of Taxation or equivalent  Excellent understanding of Australian income tax legislation and experience in preparing direct and indirect returns  Ability to perform tax research and analysis  Strong analytical/problem solving skills  Excellent oral and written communication skills  Oracle and Onesource Corporate Tax experience would be beneficial but not essential  Willingness to manage processes with offshore teams  Ability to build relationships and work effectively with internal clients and external advisors  Well-developed organizational, time management, planning and prioritization We are recruiting for this position ASAP for a late April start so please do not delay your application! I would encourage all enquiries at Kristen.Danielsson@au.manpowergroup.com or click APPLY NOW. 
 Australian Rail Track Corporation Australian Rail Track Corporation Ltd plays a critical role in the transport supply chain and economic development of Australia.  Managing and operating over 8,700 kilometres of track across 5 states, ARTC is one of the nation's largest rail network owners having invested billions of dollars building, extending and upgrading its rail networks. ARTC is also delivering Australia's largest freight rail infrastructure project “ to complete the ˜spine' of the national freight network between Melbourne and Brisbane via regional Victoria, New South Wales and Queensland, with early works starting this year and expected operational completion in 2024/25. Based in Adelaide and reporting to the CFO, the role of General Manager Financial Services represents an exceptional career opportunity for a highly experienced, motivated and commercially astute senior finance professional with a background in infrastructure, large corporate or regulated industries. Reflecting the seniority of this role, the successful candidate will be capable of deputising for the CFO and will provide leadership, coordination and delivery of high quality financial planning, accounting, budgeting and reporting outcomes for this significant, commercially focussed organisation. CA/CPA qualified, the successful applicant will have strong technical knowledge combined with superior communication, commercial acumen, problem solving, relationship building and contemporary leadership skills, complemented by drive, energy, credibility and an absolute commitment to internal and external customer service delivery. With values focussed on and committed to the health and safety of its people, the environment and the communities in which it operates, ARTC seeks leaders who are inclusive and build pride and loyalty in its workforce. A competitive remuneration package will be offered to attract an outstanding senior finance professional capable of leading and delivering with influence, impact and effect. For a job and person specification, please visit henderconsulting.com.au and for further information on ARTC, please visit artc.com.au Applications in Word format only should be addressed to Julie Brennan. Telephone enquiries are welcome and may be directed to Julie or Bernie Dyer on (08) 8100 8827. 
Our Client is a mid-tier, boutique accounting and advisory firm offering a full suite of services to their clients within Accounting, Tax and Business Services as well as wealth and financial management and is actively looking to expanding it's market presence. The Role requires the successful applicant to provide high quality results and support the existing team as well as their client base.  The role will be a blend of compliance and advisory services with a strong focus on building client relationships. Key Responsibilities: Assisting in the management, planning, execution and completion assignments of a diverse portfolio of clients, reporting to Managers and/or Partners Assisting with and providing taxation planning, business advice and all compliance requirements for various entities Completing analysis of advisory and compliance engagements including tax returns, activity statements, FBT  Preparation of financial statements, management and annual accounts Identifying potential issues or opportunities within the client base Planning and coordinating work and maintaining strong productivity levels Building and developing relationships with existing and new clients To Be Successful you must demonstrate the following: 2-4 years professional practice experience in a similar role Completed or commenced the CA/CPA Program Excellent verbal and written communication skills A passion for exceptional client service Experience dealing with all tax legislation, Division 7A, tax issues for a rate of business clients Exceptional organisation, time management sills as well great attention to detail If you have have all the necessary skills and experience to succeed in this role, have a strong desire to succeed and interested in taking your career to the next level, please click "Apply" to submit your resume for consideration.   Cara Carrodus CPA (08) 9212 1001 cara.carrodus@rubicor.com.au 
 Relaxed company culture - promotes a balanced work/life Challenging tax and business advisory work Growing 7 Partner firm This CA firm has experienced a growth 30% for the past 12 months and therefore they're seeking their next Senior Accountant to join their Business Services division. Working on clients in the SMB space, clients range typically between $5M-$10M and as high as $50M in the pharmaceutical, manufacturing, retail, professional services, funds industry and more.  The role in brief will involve: The preparation of accounts and financial reports for all types of entities Preparation of income tax returns for all types Provision of taxation based structuring advice Evaluation of Div7A implications of company accounts and preparation of loan repayments Preparation of tax projections and year-end tax planning for clients Supervise and mentor junior accountants Thus ideally the candidate will be: CA qualified or upon completion 3-5 or more years experience in business services Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Client rapport builder Steadily growing into a management role An ideal next step to fast track your career! A slowly emerging powerhouse in the industry that provides the exposure and training to diversify your technical abilities and progress within. Apply below to Daniel Van, dvan@hartrec.com.au or call 02 8296 5888 for a confidential discussion. 
 Your new company Sensational opportunity to join this highly respected Big 4 Chartered Practice in their Middle Market Advisory Team which is growing rapidly in the Adelaide market. This Firm provides industry leading training and support to ensure their staff can reach their full potential. Are you ready to become part of the success? Your new role Working with many of South Australia's most iconic businesses in the Firms advisory team, you will be servicing clients' complex financial and family business issues, provide responsive advice and true consultative services as a part of a 1,000+ national team dedicated to serving the private market. As a Senior Advisor you will assist in growing, managing and protecting their businesses, to help them achieve their commercial and family goals. What you'll need to succeed You will have experience working in a mid-tier or similar Chartered Firm completing tax returns, financial statements, FBT returns and BAS for SME clients. You will have a detailed understanding of current taxation and accounting issues, as well as all entity structures including companies, trusts, partnerships and superannuation funds. You will possess sound knowledge of business principles, taxation, accounting systems, and the compliance framework to deliver proactive business advice and recommendations to clients. Ideally you will have completed (or are completing) the CA Program. What you'll get in return This Big 4 Firm can offer opportunities to continuously grow and improve your professional expertise, in an environment that promotes career development. You will be challenged to add value and partner with clients at an early stage, to generate different solutions to client situations in an entrepreneurial and flexible work environment. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Jason Hudson on 82310820 to arrange a confidential discussion. 
 About the Job With dual reporting lines to the Managing Director and the Financial Controller, you will be responsible for managing the end to end payroll process for over 9000 employees nationally.  This includes overseeing and ensuring that the payroll is processed correctly, on time and in line with internal policy and regulatory requirements. Added to this you will be heavily involved in numerous payroll projects, process and system improvement initiatives.   Main responsibilities include Leading, developing and managing team members whilst actively running your own section of the payroll as required; Managing all functions of the weekly and fortnightly payroll process; Coordinate, direct and control payroll preparation, processing and distribution;  Work collaboratively across internal departments and external stakeholders with a key focus on customer service. Providing proactive and accurate payroll information/guidance/answers; Continuously conduct audits and evaluation of all payroll operations, identify and implement opportunities to improve payroll performance and efficiency; Managing payroll journals and reconciliations, on-boarding/terminations, month end reporting and statutory returns (superannuation, workers compensation) are part of your mandate.   About You: You have Solid experience with award based high volume payroll in Australia; Sound ability to interpret Award conditions in particular hospitality related awards; Experience in leading and managing successful result driven teams; Effective time management skills, strong attention to detail and meticulous planning ability; Advanced PC skills with MS Excel, MS Word is essential; Strong interpersonal/communications skills - both verbal and written.   About Pinnacle We are Australia's best-known and ONLY National Hospitality labour hire partner. Our reputation enables us to work with the best, most exciting venues around the country! Plus, our resources and network reach will advance your career across the industry.   Simply apply by forwarding your resume to:  wmead@pinnaclepeople.com.au   Please note: If you have not heard from us within seven (7) working days of submitting your resume, your application will be kept on file and we will contact you if a suitable position becomes available. 
 About the business Plan Tracker is a technology startup, located on the Central Coast, assisting people with disability to better manage their NDIS funding through our innovative Self Management App and Plan Management services.   About the role Your role will involve the end to end process of NDIS Plan Managing including: Being actively involved in the establishment of new processes Working with our Plan Management Platform Creating and managing service bookings Claiming from the NDIS Portal Reconciliation and making payments.  Ongoing communication with participants and their nominees Benefits and perks Working with our Plan Tracker team offers you the opportunity to join an exciting start up on the Central Coast.  The role is initially for 10 hours per week but expected to increase quickly as our business expands. This is a great opportunity to make your mark and get in while the team is small. Show us you're interested Email hello@plantracker.com.au with your CV and cover letter. Tell us why you'd be perfect for this role! We want to hear from anyone who's ready for the next big challenge in their career. Skills and experience Certificate IV or above in Accounting, Bookkeeping or finance related area is desirable High level accuracy and competency in the NDIS Price Guide and claim management process Reconciliation skills Excellent customer service skills Ability or past experience navigating the NDIS Portal is desirable You will have a passion for improving the lives of people with a disability and an understanding of the National Disability Insurance Scheme (NDIS). 
 Who Is TasWater? TasWater's vision is to be 'a trusted and respected provider of essential services that is making a positive difference to Tasmania'.  We believe that our vision is about building trust and respect with our colleagues and customers. We do this by living our values and behaviours and making these the foundation of the way we work each and every day, as the sole provider of water and sewerage services to businesses and homes across the state. The Opportunity As part of TasWater's senior leadership team, you will manage the organisation's financial and accounting functions, ensure appropriate financial controls are in place, and develop best practice strategy and practices across the business. Key Accountabilities Lead and manage the Finance Department ensuring objectives and performance requirements are clear and employees are supported to achieve their work goals in a positive working environment. Ensure financial accounting responsibilities are fulfilled including Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, Reconciliations, End of Month reports and statutory financial reports. Ensure asset accounting responsibilities are performed including accounting related to long-term assets such as capitalisation, depreciation, gifted assets and retire or replace decisions. Assist in the production of financial policies, strategies, statements, reports, financial plans and estimates. Play an integral role in the preparation and coordination of Board and Audit and Risk Committee papers including providing advice in relation to corporate finances. Selection Criteria Your application must clearly demonstrate how you meet the following criteria: Tertiary qualification in Business or Finance with experience at a senior management level. Membership of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Australia (ICAA), CPA Australia, Chartered Financial Analyst or equivalent. Significant experience in management roles within the finance function. Demonstrated commercial and business focus. Proven experience in developing financial management strategies in a large, complex and regulated business environment. Demonstrated strong financial management skills including treasury, tax, management accounting, statutory financial reporting and governance. Why join the TasWater Team? TasWater strongly believe that it is our people who play a big role in helping TasWater achieve our vision of a sustainable water future. At TasWater we look for highly talented and motivated people whose values align with our own. As a TasWater team member you can look forward to working in an exciting and stimulating work environment which changes daily. We believe in promoting a culture that encourages productive behaviours and give our team members an opportunity to contribute to a sustainable future. TasWater provide and encourage our people to take part in comprehensive training and career development with a focus on innovative thinking. We understand that a work life balance in today's climate is important, offer flexible working arrangements and consider health and safety to be our number one priority. How to apply? Visit our website www.taswater.com.au/About-Us/Careers, download a copy of the position description and review the selection criteria against your skills and experience. Click on "Apply Now" and attach your covering letter, statement addressing the selection criteria and a copy of your resume. For further information about this role please careers@taswater.com.au Applications close 12 noon on 20 April 2018. 
 Work with Australia's #1 online Tax Agent “ providing convenience and great online tax services to clients Join our vibrant and successful team of Tax Reviewers and Registered Tax Agents. A great way to earn an additional income, with the ability to determine your own workload and working hours operating within the comfort of your own home. This is a short-term contract for the upcoming tax season only. Our client base consists of: Individual tax payers Small and Medium size Enterprise Our online systems help you to efficiently review client tax returns prior to lodgement. System training is provided to help you in the process. Responsibilities include: Reviewing client tax returns Requesting further information or documents from clients where required Advising when tax refunds can be improved Adhering to TPB, ATO and in-house guidelines Lodging compliant and honest returns Responding professionally to all correspondence (both internal and external) Skills include: 2-3 years' current Australian Individual Tax Return experience Current experience lodging and reviewing individual and business tax returns Excellent written communication skills Able to work efficiently and independently Role Requirements:    Reliable computer and high speed internet Able to respond promptly to correspondence within a 24 hour time-frame Please note: Due to a large volume of returns at our practice, you must be available from the beginning of June to the middle of August. Training commences early June, in preparation for work starting July 1st. If this position sounds right for you, we want to hear from you! Please copy and paste the URL below into your preferred browser to apply. https://etax.peoplehr.net/Pages/JobBoard/Opening.aspx?v=5674b4fd-2ad2-4433-96df-2b37ae9f1699 Any other enquiries please contact Human Resources on (07) 3457 5193. 
 Join a recently listed ASX business that has huge growth potential and is rapidly expanding across international markets. Client Details Our client is a fast growing and highly innovative IT Software business who have secured contracts with a broad range of blue chip clients in Australia, Europe and the U.S. The organisation has developed a unique product which has been well received across markets and as such, they are now looking to appoint a highly capable CFO to join their senior leadership team and help drive the business to the next level. Description Reporting to the CEO this key role will ultimately be responsible for all ASX reporting and compliance whilst providing the CEO with commercial support during this time of growth. Specific duties will include but not be limited to; Budgeting, forecasting and providing weekly flash reports The production of all management accounting and statutory reporting Management of the P&L, balance Sheet & cashflows across the regions Contact with key customers to ensure successful billing Provide commercial and financial insight to support key decision making. Key advisor to the CEO and hands on role across business strategy and analysis. Tax compliance and all other related matters. Oversee & mentor the accounting team. Assist with any ad hoc project related work. Profile You will be CA/CPA qualified, and have a proven track record in a ˜hands-on' role within a dynamic business environment and worked in an ASX listed company previously. A flexible, proactive and self-starter attitude will be essential as will strong communication skills. Those candidates with exposure to complex transfer pricing will be highly regarded as will experience across company secretary duties. Whilst IT experience will be beneficial, proven success in a growing business and an understanding of ASX listed requirements will be essential. Job Offer Attractive salary with LTI benefits Be part of a growing business leading in their industry Central Location Work with a collaborative and impressive leadership team To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Melanie Wallace-Smith on +61 ¦show number 
 We proudly represent our client who are leaders in healthcare products and solutions that make an impact in millions of people's lives around the world on a daily basis in hospitals, in clinics, and at home. People are amazing and we believe that health can empower people to make a positive difference in the world. We believe this is something worth going further for. About the Department: In the Finance department, we are passionate about supporting the business and developing long-lasting partnerships with our stakeholders. We work as a team to ensure the financial aspects of the business are run smoothly in a fast paced and challenging environment. We lead by example and work to bring results to the business to make a difference in the lives of our customers. An exciting career opportunity has become available for a dedicated Financial Accountant to join our Finance team in our Melbourne CBD office for an initial 6-month contract with potential to go permanent. About the Role: Reporting to the Financial Controller, you will be responsible for: Month-end and year-end reporting (monthly journals, balance sheet reconciliations) Working with auditors and resolving audit queries Preparation of tax compliance (FBT, GST/BAS, income tax returns, withholding tax) Maintenance of fix asset register Maintenance of inventory accounting Assist with management of accounts receivable and payable activities Assist with budgeting and forecasting Process improvement and procedure development Incentive accruals and calculations General project support About You: Relevant Health Financial experience is favourable CA/CPA qualified Strong communication skills both verbal and written Advanced MS Excel skills Excellent organisational and time management skills Excellent attention to detail is essential Are you ready to work for an internationally successful company? Do you appreciate the benefits of an outstanding market position? Join our Finance Team now! With us, a challenging environment and excellent development opportunities await you. After all, our people are our future. Take your future in your own hands: Apply Now to be considered 
 The role Great opportunity to land the transformation of our stock accounting and rebates process. You will be operationally drive change and improvement in this space. To be successful, you'll have: CA/CPA strong accounting and rebates experience strong process re-engineering and change management experience (Lean Six Sigma would be ideal) in a business with multiple business units, functions and multi-sites run and led a stock accounting function project management skills Your key responsibilities will be to: lead the process of delivering supermarkets end of month results support and manage the analysis of the supermarkets loss results and ongoing performance deliver a simplified end of month process and reporting suite for supermarkets stock loss drive process simplification over stock and rebates accounting support in providing clarity to complex bond accounting processes provide ongoing support to easy inventory working group Culture Coles is a fast-paced, constantly changing business that focuses your talents and challenges you to perform at your best. As a team, we're bold with ideas and operate with pace and passion, always looking for better ways to transform retail and delight customers. Benefits  Not only will you receive a competitive salary, you'll also have access to these great benefits: a 5% discount when shopping at Coles, Kmart, Officeworks and Target learn new skills and develop your existing capabilities - we provide excellent ongoing training and development 12 weeks of paid parental leave for primary care givers and 1 week of paid leave for secondary care givers no need to pay for car parking - you can park your car in our multi-level car park, which is exclusive to our team get fitter, stronger and faster at our on-site gym About us Today, Coles is one of Australia's iconic retailers, providing a range of fresh food, groceries, general merchandise, liquor and fuel to millions of customers every week. We have a combination of over 2,400 retail outlets across Australia covering Coles supermarkets, Coles Express fuel and convenience sites, Spirit Hotels and liquor stores under Liquorland, Vintage Cellars and First Choice Liquor branding. While some things have changed over the years, one thing remains the same “ our customer first strategy. We have over 107,000 fantastic team members across the country that are focused on making life easier for our customers and making a difference to the communities we serve every day. Please Note  We prefer to deal with you directly and have not engaged an agency for this role, so if you're interested, please apply.  At Coles, we aim to ensure our team represents the community we serve, embracing the richness of Australia's diverse population. 
THE COMPANY A rare position for an experienced Financial Controller who has a passion for continuous improvements and technology. This organisation is renowned for its great team culture and the offering of strong career progression both horizontally and laterally.    THE ROLE As Financial Controller you will look after a small team, be accountable to various stakeholders across the business and be involved in a wide variety of systems and process improvements. Key deliverables of this role would include:    ·         Supervision of end to end accounting function which would include consolidation, regulatory and ASX requirements ·         Monthly management and board reporting ·         Manage the annual and biannual audit including interaction with the external auditors and working closely with the board ·         Ensure compliance activities are met including ASIC, ATO & Board Reporting ·         Budgeting and forecasting of assets within the business ·         Tax compliance including BAS, FBT, ITR, Payroll and other applicables  ·         Support the CFO and business partners with potential M&A activities       SKILLS, QUALIFICATIONS & EXPERIENCE     To be successful you will: ·         Be CA qualified with a strong background in financial control ·         5-8 years post qualified experience ·         Big 4 First movers will be looked at for this role ·         Strong process improvement mindset and problem-solving capabilities ·         Excellent communication skills 
 Compile in-depth management reports, analysis and investigation within a proactive and high performing team. Your new company This company is a very recognisable brand name who are frequently seen in the home wares aisle and within many major retail stores. As part of the ANZ group you will join a progressive, fun and high performing team. Your new role Monthly management reports Balance sheet reconciliation Budgets & forecasting General ledger maintenance and P&L review Analysis & review Continuous improvement & controls What you'll need to succeed CA or CPA qualification Ability to compile in-depth reports Thoughtful and insightful mindset Functional understanding of IT systems and Excel What you'll get in return Vibrant and outgoing culture High performing, yet fun environment Sociable and communicative atmosphere. Strong leadership and mentoring Learning and career development Competitive salary & multiple company benefits. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Paul Turk in the Glen Waverley office on 03 8562 4250. 
 Salary: $75k + Super + Bonus + Benefits Location: Western Suburbs Role: truly unique opportunity to support growth for the business and build your career in a great team culture Role Overview Reporting to the Treasury Manager, this Treasury Analyst takes ownership for driving liquidity management and asset backed security operational processes. The Treasury & Operations Analyst has primary day-to-day responsibility for shaping commercial opportunities around the business' treasury operations and financial instruments, supporting risk management whilst also ensuring the operational accuracy of deals and reporting. Whilst not responsible for trading, you will have broad stakeholder engagement across internal and external stakeholders relating to both back office and front office functions. The key success factor will be your ability to think differently to solve problems and your strength of communication in engaging with investors, financial institutions, as well as local and global internal stakeholders. Demonstrated competence in Excel and analytics, an entrepreneurial spirit and a curious mindset to learn and grow will set you apart in being successful for this role. Responsibilities Own treasury operations across forecasting, liquidity management and coordination of payments including a range of financing instruments Coordinate and maintain documentation and information through internal systems and with global operations Prepare and review the accuracy of deals and payments across the lifecycle Provide ongoing reporting, such as monthly investor and rating agency reporting, group reporting etc Deliver ad hoc analysis and reporting such as relating to investor queries and presentations, strategic planning sessions Bring out of the box thinking to analyse and problem solve unique and complex deals, queries and opportunities Drive continuous improvement particularly in relation to the leveraging of data through Excel models, automation and simplification Contribute as a passionate team member, actively supporting the wellbeing and engagement of the team / business and providing a unique personality supporting their culture. Candidate Profile You are a highly energetic, intelligent treasury professional that has a knack for problem solving. With an entrepreneurial mindset, you may have a non-traditional pathway but come from and environment where you have operated in a treasury capacity and ideally have exposure to asset backed securities. An absolute strength in leveraging Excel to manage data and deliver information accurately and to problem solve is a must. With exposure to external and internal stakeholders, you bring a confidence in your communication that displays an attitude where you take the initiative and responsibility to make things happen. Culture & Benefits The organisation is a highly regarded brand in the financial services industry with strong values that prides itself on its culture. This is a truly unique role where you can elevate your career through the way you think and the passion that you bring. Build your learning - immerse yourself in a unique role that will grow your stakeholder management skills Shape the amazing - be instrumental in bringing new ideas and thinking Be rewarded - $75k + Super + Bonus + Benefits Apply If this sounds like you, please send your resume by clicking the apply link below addressing Tom Nisevic quoting reference number TNTOA3988 in the subject line. 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices.  Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to compliance work at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff that who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels. Who are we looking for? People with experience in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? Work in one of our Compliance teams. The senior roles (APS 5 and APS6) will usually work as team leaders where the more junior roles (APS 3 and APS 4) will form the core of our teams. you will work in one of the sections listed here: Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program. Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You enjoy working as part of a team and the more senior roles need people who have experience leading teams You have some  understanding and experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have an understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You have good judgement to contribute to decision making, and can seek assistance when it is needed. What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3 “ APS6 “ range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health   Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Leading Australian Transportation Company, Based in Bundoora. Your new company This is an excellent opportunity for a Payroll Officer to work for a leading Australian Transportation company who operates across Australia delivering quality and unrivaled service. Reporting in to HR you will work as part of a small payroll team who are passionate about offering a customer focused Payroll service. Your new role End to End Payroll for 950+ Staff members across multiple awards and EBA's Processing the weekly payment run using JDE including Payroll Tax, Superannuation, WorkCover and Workers compensation Processing of new starters as well as terminations and final payments to employees Play a pivotal role in an upcoming systems migration (Timms - JDE) You will report directly to the HR What you'll need to succeed With a good well rounded background in Payroll you should have fantastic communication skills, manage your time well, are reliable and organised and show initiative. Experience and good knowledge of JDE is highly advantageous, as is previous exposure to migrating payroll systems. Alongside your experience you like working in small teams and family environments, but are able to work autonomously. You can prioritise your own work and manage your time well to meet set deadlines. What you'll get in return You will receive a competitive salary, you will also join a well-established team happy to help you get up to speed. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Dominic Young on 0393262149 now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 About the role: An opportunity has become available for a commercially astute Finance Manager to join our team. Reporting to the General Manager, you will be responsible for providing first line financial and commercial support to ensure we achieve our financial strategy, goals and targets through the accurate, timely and quality accounting, analysis and commercial services to Midland Brick. This role has responsibility for the finance and IT functions and as such is an integral part of the business that can drive independence, change and improvement across the organisation. While having a strong analytical skill set is a key part of this role, we are focussed on acquiring an influential person with the confidence to partner with our Leadership team and other senior stakeholders to drive the business forward. You will enjoy being part of an industry leading business that has a reputation for continuous improvement and a genuine commitment to safety. Key responsibilities: Guide the Finance team towards Zero Harm Today, Ensure manufacturing, logistics and sales have comprehensive understanding of business profit drivers and coordinate regular performance reviews; Lead the planning, budgeting and forecasting process along with the financial evaluation of projects and development of capital applications. Explore and report monthly performance identifying variances to plan and opportunities for business improvement; Complete benchmarking and market investigation and reviews; Review, monitor and report on all performance improvement initiatives and provide commercial decision-making support to enable business improvement; Work closely with our Leadership team to develop stretch and attainable annual budgets and prepare feasibility studies as required; Coordinate and drive Quarterly Forecasts ensuring insightful reporting of potential profit gaps; Take a pro-active guidance role in ensuring good internal control, self-governance and continuous improvement; Anticipate negative or positive impact on business targets and proactively suggest solutions and make adjustments to forecasts. About you: Bachelor degree in Business or related discipline (major in accounting, finance or similar) Post Graduate qualifications in Finance or related discipline an advantage CA or CPA with a minimum of 5+ years' experience in a senior/finance management role (within the manufacturing industry preferred) Demonstrated experience in managing statutory requirements for a regional business including taxation, credit and company secretarial Demonstrated experience in managing variances, standard costing and budgets Demonstrated experience in co-ordinating budget, capital and strategic planning processes Sound commercial and business acumen along with the ability to influence; Strong organisational, interpersonal and communication skills; Strong knowledge of business processes with a track record of process improvement; High focus on safety in respect of all activities within the business. On offer: This position offers a stimulating and exciting career with an industry leader and provides genuine career growth opportunities.  A generous remuneration package is being offered. This is an opportunity to work in a team environment within an organisation dedicated to the development and safety of our employees. Apply now. About Midland Brick: Since 1946, Midland Brick (a Boral company) has been making and supplying bricks and pavers for the many thousands of homes, schools, hospitals and commercial buildings that, at some stage, most of us would have come in contact with. We are immensely proud of our heritage and contribution to this wonderful State and never take for granted the trust that West Australia's builders have placed in us and our products. 70 years on from our modest beginnings we have grown into one of the largest brickworks, employing the skills and talent of hundreds of West Australians in making the best bricks in the world. And to ensure we maintain these high standards, we invest heavily in new plant and equipment, over $100m in the last decade.  
 Opportunity for a Senior Finance Associate to join Group Finance Showcase your proven financial analysis and reporting expertise 12 month fixed term contract  We're NAB For more than 150 years, we've been helping our customers with their money. Today, we have more than 35,000 people serving 10 million customers at more than 800 locations in Australia, New Zealand and around the world. We have built our business on understanding our customers and supporting them. We aim to take the hard work out of banking. As Australia's largest business bank, we work with small, medium and large businesses to help them start, run and grow. We fund some of the most important infrastructure in our communities “ including schools, hospitals and roads. And we do it in a way that's responsible, inclusive and innovative. More than money We know that to be Australia and New Zealand's most respected bank, we need to be good with money. And we need to be just as good with people, too. About the role Opportunity exists for a highly skilled Senior Finance Associate to produce and provide commercial financial insight, analysis and recommendations in order to drive and improve business performance, to the Business and/or to Finance functions including performance & planning, financial reporting/control and finance business partners depending on business requirements. It will be your remit to embed the capability model to drive consistency in process, support actions to increase engagement and motivation, and deliver to multiple stakeholders to support and enable members in the team to rotate across various businesses across our product and distribution channels. Accountabilities In this pivotal and exciting role, your key responsibilities will include: Provide detailed financial analysis to enable finance partners to provide commercial and financial advice, on both strategic & operational initiatives to the Business. Assist in the production of financial and non-financial results, performance drivers, scenarios and recommended action plans in order improve Business performance/assist in Business decision making Provide insight and analysis on change initiatives, financial implications, resourcing commitment and delivery dates to enable finance to maximise change agenda benefits/value to the organisation. Provide input into the Strategic and Operation Plan to ensure Business commitments and objectives are met through an understanding of Business conditions and Group requirements. Assess, analyse, and investigate aspects of financial reporting, including understanding of variances to Business plan/expectations in order to ensure accurate reporting and the production of Business financial insight for potential drivers of variances. Skills and experience You will be customer focused, outcome driven and be inquisitive by nature. Your demonstrated experience working in a similar Senior Finance Analyst role in a large matrix organisation, ideally within Financial Services sector along with previous experience working in a Professional Accounting firm will ensure your success in this position. You will have a deep understanding of financial management and highly evolved expertise in financial analysis, management reporting & analytics; in addition you will have a solid understanding of expense and revenue drivers. You will be proven capabilities in driving continuous improvement initiatives to uplift business performance and support decision making. A relevant tertiary qualification in Business, Commerce, Accounting or Finance coupled with a post graduate qualification (CA / CPA) is required for this role. Culture We believe in people with ideas and dreams, and we want you to achieve your aspirations. At NAB we work together to deliver exceptional outcomes that push the limits of expectations. Our passion about creating value and exceeding our customers' expectations means we're constantly striving to redefine our standards of excellence. Benefits At NAB, we provide access to a large number of exclusive employee benefits that will support you both personally and professionally. These include volunteer leave, education and learning benefits and banking & financial services discounts for example. Visit our benefits page for more information http://www.nab.com.au/about-us/careers/working-at-nab/benefits How to apply If you are ready to take the next step in your career, we are keen to hear from you! Please note, candidate screening and interviews may take place prior to the advertised close date. To be eligible to apply, you must have Australian or New Zealand citizenship or permanent residency status. Please apply via the link. We embrace diversity of thought, style and working arrangements to ensure our workforce is representative of the community that we serve. 
 The Organisation Our client is a great firm in the city who are currently looking for a strong Accounts Payable officer to join their team.  The Role Reporting to the Team Lead the Accounts Payable Officer will be responsible for end to end processing as well as the following duties: Matching, batching and coding of invoices  Investigating invoice discrepancies Prepare monthly reports for management Timely reconciliation of supplier statements Assist with some procedure recommendations The Requirements Minimum 4-6 years experience within an invoicing role Ability to process invoices quickly and accurately Excellent attention to detail Excellent communication  Australian working rights How to apply: If you are interested in applying for this role then please follow the link via SEEK to submit your application. Please note, due to the number of applications only successful applicants will be contacted.   
 About Lynch Meyer Lawyers Lynch Meyer Lawyers is a leading Adelaide commercial law firm.  We pride ourselves on offering practical, legal advice and first rate service.  We provide a range of services for small-to-medium enterprises, large corporations and not-for-profit organisations. Culture Lynch Meyer is a firm that strives for excellence.  Our Vision, to deliver exceptional service and outcomes to all of our clients all of the time, underpins that.  We also take our Values seriously and they provide for a friendly and supportive work environment. Ours is a culture which encourages people to speak up and be heard.  We expect our people to listen to colleagues and clients alike. When you join us you will be part of a progressive, dynamic firm that offers stimulating work from a diverse group of clients, and a real work life balance. We are committed to investing in our people and understand the need for continued learning.  As a member of our team you will be encouraged - and assisted - to grow and develop to your full potential About the Role A unique and flexible Finance position has been created and we now require an experienced Finance Officer to job share up to 3 days per week. You will be a dynamic team member undertaking the following duties: All aspects of trust accounting. Reconciliations. Accounts receivable. Accounts payable. Billing. Filing. General day to day administrative duties.   Your essential skills and experience will be varied and will consist mainly of: Demonstrated book keeping skills and experience. Sound administrative and organisational skills. Intermediate to advanced Microsoft Office Suite skills. Sound communication and interpersonal skills. Sound attention to detail. Sound initiative. Sound time management skills. Desirable Skills and Experience Tertiary education or working towards and/or 2 years' finance experience. Experience working in a financial capacity in a law firm will be highly regarded. How to Apply Click APPLY FOR THIS JOB or call Helen Scharpf, Manager People & Culture, on 8223 7600 for further information about the role.     
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices.  Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to compliance work at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff that who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels. Who are we looking for? People with experience in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? Work in one of our Compliance teams. The senior roles (APS 5 and APS6) will usually work as team leaders where the more junior roles (APS 3 and APS 4) will form the core of our teams. you will work in one of the sections listed here: Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program. Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You enjoy working as part of a team and the more senior roles need people who have experience leading teams You have some  understanding and experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have an understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You have good judgement to contribute to decision making, and can seek assistance when it is needed. What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3 “ APS6 “ range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health   Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Work with Australia's #1 online Tax Agent “ providing convenience and great online tax services to clients Join our vibrant and successful team of Tax Reviewers and Registered Tax Agents. A great way to earn an additional income, with the ability to determine your own workload and working hours operating within the comfort of your own home. This is a short-term contract for the upcoming tax season only. Our client base consists of: Individual tax payers Small and Medium size Enterprise Our online systems help you to efficiently review client tax returns prior to lodgement. System training is provided to help you in the process. Responsibilities include: Reviewing client tax returns Requesting further information or documents from clients where required Advising when tax refunds can be improved Adhering to TPB, ATO and in-house guidelines Lodging compliant and honest returns Responding professionally to all correspondence (both internal and external) Skills include: 2-3 years' current Australian Individual Tax Return experience Current experience lodging and reviewing individual and business tax returns Excellent written communication skills Able to work efficiently and independently Role Requirements:    Reliable computer and high speed internet Able to respond promptly to correspondence within a 24 hour time-frame Please note: Due to a large volume of returns at our practice, you must be available from the beginning of June to the middle of August. Training commences early June, in preparation for work starting July 1st. If this position sounds right for you, we want to hear from you! Please copy and paste the URL below into your preferred browser to apply. https://etax.peoplehr.net/Pages/JobBoard/Opening.aspx?v=5674b4fd-2ad2-4433-96df-2b37ae9f1699 Any other enquiries please contact Human Resources on (07) 3457 5193. 
 Payroll Manager $85K - $100K + Super Global Australian Organisation Are you looking to take on more responsibility? Perhaps you'd like to run your own payroll team? A global market leading company based in North Shore are recruiting a Payroll Manager to join their finance function.   This position will give the successful candidate the opportunity to own the payroll function and take a hands-on role where you will be required to process monthly and weekly pays as well as being the driving force in developing and implementing processes that will streamline the function across the business and responsible for the leadership of one Senior Payroll Officer.   Set in a friendly and commercial environment, this company is looking for an individual with experience with Mircopay and end to end payroll.   The company offers a fantastic innovative culture and people based environment and will see the successful individual joining the Head Office team, working closely with key stakeholders and the finance function.    Responsibilities for the role will include:  Processing and checking of weekly and monthly pays for under 1000 employees Management of the entire payroll function Management and maintenance of all payroll software Maintaining employee files in respect of payroll obligations/issues Auditing of payrolls to ensure legislative and EBA/Award compliance Continual improvement of payroll operations Assisting management and staff with payroll related enquiries Working closely with Finance and HR to implement processes for the improvement and updating of the payroll function Requirements for the role will include: Experience in a similar role / supervisory / senior payroll Attention to detail Analytical ability Consistency “ key to achieving daily cut off deadlines Optimism/positive and proactive attitude to work Excellent communication skills Able to work both autonomously and be part of a team If you are interested in this position and feel you meet the criteria, then please contact Kate Goworek with your CV to kateg@charterhouse.com.au ; Quoting Payroll Manager North Shore.     
 Multimedia Technology is a National Distributor who has been servicing the IT and AV channels for over 25 years. Established in 1990, MMT supplies Resellers with IT and AV products from many well-known vendors such as BenQ, NEC, Panasonic, Samsung and Sony. Reporting to the Finance Manager, this opportunity will provide an up and coming candidate with the opportunity to learn a variety of Accounting functions across the breadth of the business. The ideal candidate would possess: Advanced reconciliation skills Good knowledge of GST reconciliations Strong knowledge of principles of Accounting Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal Strong time management skills with the ability to prioritise tasks Ability to act on own initiative and exercise sound judgement Ability to work with a high degree of accuracy and attention to detail Excellent problem solving and analytical thinking skills Strong IT skills including Excel and Word This role requires a candidate who has minimum 2 years previous experience in a mix of Accounts Payable & Assistant Accountant functions and would have achieved: A Tertiary qualification in Accounting or a related discipline Progression toward membership of one of the Accounting Industry bodies We will only consider candidates who are based in Australia and are able to work in Australia on an ongoing basis. 
 An innovative accounting firm located in Fortitude Valley Join a young, passionate and energetic team Generous quarterly bonus scheme About the Company: This highly regarded accounting firm is conveniently located to public transport and new age restaurants. You would join a young team of 40 employees who are very passionate and energetic individuals. The Partners equally value their clients as much as their employees and make sure everyone is recognised for their contribution to the firm. You will work in a very funky and modern office with an open floor plan, which allows ideas to be shared across teams. Established only 5 years, the business has experienced tremendous growth, providing a range of services, from accounting, legal and more to a diverse client base. Therefore, they are seeking an eager and portative Senior Accountant to join as a Client Manager. About the Role: You will work in a supportive and collaborative team and report directly to the Partners. You will be given your own client base and have the opportunity to truly take control whilst having your work recognised. Duties: Prepare financial statements and complete tax returns for individuals, sole traders, partnership, trusts and companies Liaising with various stakeholders Attend client meetings with the Partner or Manager Tax planning and advisory work Mentor graduate and intermediate accountants Skills & Experience: Minimum 4 years business service/tax experience in an accounting firm Completed CA or CPA Strong written and verbal communication skills Outgoing personality Benefits: Quarterly bonus scheme Free onsite parking Weekly internal training & annual external training Annual networking events and conferences Study support - full reimbursement upon successful completion and study leave Opportunity to professionally develop your career Day off on your birthday Monthly morning teas, quarterly team lunches and annual work parties Quarterly personal and professional goal setting session Modern offices with an open floor plan Dog day every Friday! How to Apply: Please directly Apply or contact Ines Rajak B.Bus (Fin) for further information P: 3231 1217 E: ines@empiregroup.careers Ref No: IR1253 
 Receptionist with Accounts Receivable duties Great Salary Permanent part-time position - 4 days per week A fantastic opportunity exists for a self-motivated, experienced Receptionist / Accounts Receivable clerk to join this privately-owned manufacturer based in Campbellfield. This position will ideally suit someone who has previous experience in a varied receptionist role, with extensive Accounts Receivable experience. Your main responsibilities include: Meeting and greeting clients in a professional manner Answering incoming phone calls and directing to the appropriate individual Accounts Receivable duties Maintaining all administration tasks required Performing reconciliations of customer accounts Reconcile supplier statements and follow up queries Other tasks as required To be considered for this position, you will have: Strong knowledge and experience in accounts receivable Previous experience in a similar role Intermediate Microsoft Word and Excel skills Excellent communication skills - Written and verbal Ability to work autonomously and be self-managed Excellent attention to detail and a strong sense of urgency You must be able to use your initiative, have a courteous phone manner, be self motivated and have a positive attitude. In addition, you will demonstrate effective time management and have strong Accounts Recievable experience. To submit your application, please forward your resume in word format by selecting apply 
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices. Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  Who are we looking for? People with extensive experience and leadership roles in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? You will lead a team in one of the Compliance Sections; Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts; Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program; You will influence and develop strategy, policies, priorities and practices relating to the health provider compliance program. Who are you? You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and extensive experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will be comfortable and experienced exercising a considerable degree of independence with decision making substantially dependent on your high level judgement What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Fantastic temporary opportunity for experienced Accounts Payable Officer Your new company This thriving fashion retailer are seeking interim assistance in accounts payable. You will be working with a well renowned company whose brand has a global presence. They are situated close to public transport on the southern fringe of the city. Your new role This is a fantastic opportunity to join a finance team of 5 as the full function Accounts Payable officer. Your duties will include: Receiving and coding invoices Obtaining approval and matching invoices to purchase orders Processing domestic and international payments Reconciliations Supplier liaison What you'll need to succeed 2 -4 years' full function accounts payable experience Experience within a retail company Impeccable communication skills Strong work ethic What you'll get in return The company have a dynamic and positive work environment and beautiful offices close to cafes and restaurants. It is a temporary role so would an suit an immediately available resident or a working holiday visa holder. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. Email your resume to rachel.owens@hays.com.au 
 Payroll Officer $75K Package International Organisation Are you looking to challenge yourself and progress your payroll skills for a large multinational innovative company?   We are recruiting a Payroll Officer to join a global leader in North Sydney. The company offers a career progression and the role sits in a friendly team of 5. You will find yourself assisting not only in payroll but immersing yourself in the company, environment and, meeting with the fantastic workforce.   This role will see the successful individual joining the Head Office team, working closely with key stakeholders and the finance function.   On offer is a fantastic supportive environment which actively supports individual's careers as well as providing a competitive benefit package.   Responsibilities for the role will include: Processing Australian and international payroll Manage and processing payroll of over 2000 employees fortnightly and monthly Interpretation and application of various awards Query resolution   Requirements for the role will include: Experience in a full function payroll position Experience with awards Payroll Tax experience would be ideal Excel and numeracy skills Excellent communication skills Able to work both autonomously and be part of a team   If you are interested in this position and feel you meet the criteria then please contact Kate Goworek on 96412422 or send your CV to kateg@charterhouse.com.au  Quoting Payroll Officer North Sydney.   
THE COMPANY Our customer is a market leader in the Health and Wellbeing retail sector.   This SME business is experiencing considerable growth and needs an Assistant Account for a three month temporary assignment for an IMMEDIATE start. The business is committed to growing, diversifying and expanding.  It is an energetic business with a strong team culture.   It would be a bonus if you were passionate about the Health and Wellbeing sector and you have similar energy and drive to match that of your team members.  You will be a great team member who enjoys people and a fast paced and fun environmen DUTIES The Assistant Accountant will support the Chief Financial Controller and be responsible for key financial accounting activities.  Duties will include: performing bank reconciliations managing both, incoming and outgoing monies to enable accurate and timely reconciliations completing month end financial reporting including, preparing P&L and balance sheets processing journals providing transactional support with payments and credits cards and invoicing etting up files for wholesale suppliers tracking logistics financial analysis various Financial/Accounting functions of the business office ABOUT YOU The successful candidate will have: Formal Accounting qualifications A minimum of 1 years experience in a similar role Strong attention to detail Experience with Xero Strong Excel skills The ability to work well both autonomously and within a team Located in Fortitude Valley, this role is flexible - either full time, school hours or 4 days per week.  The initial term is 3 months with potential for it to extend.     
 Payroll System Analyst $75K + Super International Organisation Are you looking for a challenging and investigative role? A global leader based in Sydney CBD are recruiting a Payroll System Analyst to join their finance function.   Set in a friendly and commercial environment, this company is looking for an individual with experience with HRIS/Payroll systems from a system administration background including but not limited too “ updates, upgrades, testing, customisations and configuration as well as security setups.   The company offers a fantastic innovative culture and people based environment and will see the successful individual joining the Head Office team, working closely with key stakeholders and the finance function.   Responsibilities for the role will include:  Review of all changes or new functionality in HRIS/Payroll system Manage the upgrade process by ensuring all customisations remain that the system performs as should Ensure testing is completed entirely and any issues have been fixed Attend User group meetings Identify functionality that may mitigate risks within processes or mitigate errors being made Provide support to the payroll team with system functionality and training Proactively work on looking for system efficiencies and ways to mitigate risk within the HRIS/Payroll system Ensure all legislative changes to HRIS/Payroll system are implemented prior to statutory deadlines   Requirements for the role will include: Experience in a similar role Attention to detail Analytical ability Consistency “ key to achieving daily cut off deadlines Optimism/positive and proactive attitude to work Excellent communication skills Able to work both autonomously and be part of a team  If you are interested in this position and feel you meet the criteria then please contact Kate Goworek on 96412422 or send your CV to kateg@charterhouse.com.au ; Quoting Payroll System Analyst Sydney CBD.   
 We are working with a branded business, who have unique complexities that ensure a fast paced environment and a diverse distribution channel. Reporting to the GM Finance, this is a divisional role that accounts for circa $500m in turnover. This position is dynamic as much as interesting in that it will partner with a broad mix of stakeholders throughout the business. The role will head a team of 12 qualified accountants who separate into technical and commercial streams. Specific responsibilities will include overseeing the financial control, analysis & reporting, business planning, forecasting as well as supporting and supporting the sales, marketing and operations teams in driving efficiency's and decision making. CA / CPA qualified preference will be given to those who have worked in a complex multinational environment. The position may suit someone looking to take the next step up in their career. To apply, please click on the link below and we will contact you shortly. Follow West Recruitment on LinkedIn to receive the latest industry news and job updates at http://www.linkedin.com/company/west-recruitment-consulting Please submit your resume in Word format only. 
 Permanent job in Mount Isa for an experienced Management Accountant, Monday to Friday roster. Your new company An international mining house that is at the forefront of the resources and mining industry requires a driven Management Accountant for their leading operation in North Queensland. Your new role You will play a critical role in providing support to both the North Queensland Finance team and to the wider business. This is a residential role in Mount Isa, working a Monday to Friday roster. You will be responsible for operating cost and capital analysis for the mining department, preparation and interpretation of month end and internal management results, fixed asset accounting and budgeting and forecast activities. What you'll need to succeed As a successful candidate you will have a Tertiary qualifications in either Accounting Commerce, and be CA or CPA qualified or working towards it. Other attributes you will require to succeed in the role include: Strong analysis and management accounting skills Excellent communication and presentation skills Competent with Microsoft Office Suite, with a strong Excel knowledge The ability to liaise with all levels across the operation Excellent time management; as well as the ability to produce reliable, highly accurate reporting within specified timeframes What you'll get in return This is an opportunity for you to work in a global mining company, with an attractive remuneration package. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. For more information please contact Georgina Morey, recruitment expert in Senior Finance on 47715100 or email georgina.morey@hays.com.au. 
 About the client Our client is a leader within their sector with annual revenue in the multi billion dollars. They have seen year on year growth as their services are highly sought after.  Your responsibilities Reporting to the M&A Manager, you will be responsible for supporting the business unit with analysis and financial insight, with a key focus on partnering with divisional heads in this newly created role.  Other responsibilities include (but not limited to): Analysis of customer value propositions Profitability analysis Analysis of monthly targets Business case preparation Customer pricing Tender reviews and analysis Budgeting & forecasting Business systems support Financial modelling to support CAPEX assessments Ad hoc analysis as assigned The successful applicant You will be a CA or CPA qualified accounting professional who has had experience in or exposed to Infrastructure, Construction or Property. You will have exceptional interpersonal skills and a proven track record influencing key stakeholders both internally and externally. Big 4 Transactions services experience will be considered highly advantageous. Additional benefits Close to public transport Generous remuneration package Mentorship & career development Friendly work environment Large global corporate How to apply To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Nikki on nshah@sharpandcarter.com.au 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices.  Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to compliance work at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff that who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels. Who are we looking for? People with experience in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? Work in one of our Compliance teams. The senior roles (APS 5 and APS6) will usually work as team leaders where the more junior roles (APS 3 and APS 4) will form the core of our teams. you will work in one of the sections listed here: Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program. Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You enjoy working as part of a team and the more senior roles need people who have experience leading teams You have some  understanding and experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have an understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You have good judgement to contribute to decision making, and can seek assistance when it is needed. What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3 “ APS6 “ range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health   Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 About the Company Work for an innovative and forward thinking Market leader. Our client based in the CBD truly values its people, offering excellent working conditions in a dynamic, fun and challenging environment. They strongly believe in fostering the personal and professional development of their staff. As a member of a collaborative team with strong mentors you will gain invaluable experience and be really supported to grow within the organisation. About the Role Reporting to the team leader, you will be responsible for key financial accounting activities and building and developing internal and external relationships. This role will see you responsible for; building relationships with multi-level stakeholders within the organisation, performing bank reconciliations, managing both, incoming and outgoing monies to enable accurate and timely reconciliations, completing month end financial reporting including, preparing P&L, balance sheets processing journals and providing transactional support with payments and credits cards and invoicing. About You To be considered for the role you will be degree qualified or close to completing and ready to take your existing 12 + experience within finance to the next level. You will have strong communication skills, both written and verbal are essential, as the ability to liaise at all levels across the business will be part of your day to day duties. You will also have proven strong excel skills. The Benefits Exposure to an iconic, ASX listed business Innovative and progressive culture Hard working and rewarding environment Exciting industry related benefits in addition to ongoing study support Social and dynamic culture To apply, click the link and upload your current resume in word format. If you would like to have a confidential discussion, please contact Jordan Gailey on 07 3023 1028, quoting ref no. JO-1804-88442. Want to know more about Davidson? Visit us at www.davidsonwp.com 
 Excellent opportunity for a Management Accountant in successful Geelong based manufacturing business. This expanding company is seeking an experienced Management Accountant to enable the provision of meaningful financial information and advice to managers across the organisation. The position requires input at a strategic level, involving professional communication and relationship management skills. Reporting to the Finance Manager, your responsibilities will be: Extract reports, maintain data fixes, run data uploads and reconciliations Provide support to the finance team on all finance system related matters Review accounting systems, processes and practices for continuous improvements Assist in the maintenance of the company's general ledger, budgets, fringe benefits etc Extract and reconcile data for the accounts team Maintain budget model Upload and reconcile budget data Assist in the development of accounting reports Review current processes and assist in streamlining To be considered for this outstanding career opportunity, you will ideally come from a manufacturing or product related industry. You will be degree qualified and have a membership with a professional accounting body, with a high level of computer literacy. You will also have proven management accounting skills and ability to analyse data, and your application will be supported by proven work experience in a similar role. Your positive attitude and highly developed analytical and report writing skills will see you as a prime contender for this opportunity. For further information on this position please call Adam Swinton on 5226 8000 or email your resume to adam.swinton@hays.com.au 
 Pivotal role in the preparation of Councils Long Term Financial Plan Dynamic small team working in a friendly environment Permanent, full-time position enjoying a 19 day four week cycle  An exciting opportunity has become available for a confident and experienced Management Accountant (Long Term Financial Plan).  About the role Reporting directly to the Deputy Chief Financial Officer you will be responsible for reviewing, updating and developing Council's Long Term Financial Plan. Additional responsibilities include: assisting in the review and preparation of Council's budget; contributing to the development of Council's corporate reporting framework and reconciling and monitoring Council's cash reserves.  Salary for this position is based on skills, experience and qualifications and will range from $80,838pa to $93,772pa plus superannuation.  About You In addition to holding the relevant tertiary qualifications, you will have demonstrated experience in a senior accounting position, with the ability to prepare and review complex reports and reconciliations. The right candidate will be able to demonstrate their experience in driving change through policy, procedural and system improvements. They will also have an understanding of the Integrated Planning and Reporting Framework, having previously contributed to the preparation of the Resourcing Strategy, including the analysis of Asset Management Plans and the Workforce Plan. About us Located in the Southern Highlands, Wingecarribee Shire Council is within comfortable travelling distance of Sydney, Canberra, the South Coast and the Illawarra. With four distinct and stunning seasons combined with glorious countryside rich in biodiversity and appeal, it's an enviable lifestyle location.  How to Apply Applications including a cover letter, resume and statement addressing both the Essential and Desirable Selection Criteria are to be submitted online by visiting www.wsc.nsw.gov.au (Careers @ Council).  The Selection Criteria is contained in the Position Description which you will need to download and review the criteria before submitting your on-line application. All documents are to be attached either as a PDF or Microsoft Office Word document. Applications not addressing the Essential and Desirable Selection Criteria may not be considered.  Intending applicants are advised to read Council's Recruitment Information Package which can be found at www.wsc.nsw.gov.au (Careers @ Council), before submitting their on-line application. Please note:  The online process allows for three (3) items to be uploaded i.e. Resume, Covering Letter and your statement addressing the Selection Criteria.  For a confidential discussion or to obtain further information please contact Council's Deputy Chief Financial Officer, Mr Damien Jenkins on (02) 4868 0737. Only candidates with the right to work in Australia will be considered for the position. Closing date for applications is Monday 30 April 2018 
 Payroll Officer $65K + Super + Bonus International Organisation Are you looking for a progressive payroll opportunity with an international organisation set in a friendly, family-feel environment?   We are recruiting a Payroll Officer to join a global leader in South Sydney. The company offers a fantastic innovative culture and people based environment.   This role will see the successful individual joining the Head Office team, working closely with key stakeholders and the finance function.   On offer is a fantastic supportive environment which actively supports individual's careers as well as providing a competitive benefit package.   Responsibilities for the role will include: Processing Australian payroll, comprising of multiple sites Manage and processing payroll of 2000 employees fortnightly Interpretation, application of various awards and EA's Query resolution  Requirements for the role will include: Experience in a full function payroll position Experience with awards Payroll Tax experience would be ideal Excel and numeracy skills Excellent communication skills Able to work both autonomously and be part of a team   If you are interested in this position and feel you meet the criteria then please contact Kate Goworek on 96412422 or send your CV to kateg@charterhouse.com.au Quoting Payroll Officer South Sydney.   
 Upbeat advertising agency looking for a strong Junior Analyst to join a close knit team on a permanent basis Strong communication skills essential, ability to take initiative and problem solve in a varied role Convenient CBD location and frequent social work benefits and events Graduates encouraged to apply Reporting into the Client Account Manager, the Junior Analyst will take control of the following within the team: Key Responsibilities: Ensure complete and accurate information flow Responsible for owning & monitoring campaign control and driving high quality reporting (month end, invoice summary documentation and campaign position reporting) Tracking client budgets to bookings, spend and billings and prepare and publish required reports Ensure completeness, accuracy and validity of all spots loaded in media systems for all campaigns in a timely manner Responsible for working with Finance team for timely closure Responsible for providing relevant campaign information to facilitate allocation of funds received Providing campaign details and validation of media invoices for billings management and ensure that Media is fully booked as agreed by CBRE in a timely manner (e.g. all billings up to date weekly) Driving resolution of any overdue invoices Ensure client is notified when any unspent funds need to be returned to the client. This will include careful monitoring of live & completed campaigns to ensure there is regular communication to client on unspent funds Management of the financial process with media partners: Closely collaborate with media partners across Print, Digital and OOH Quality assurance Key Requirements: Experience in or a passion for the media/advertising industry Excellent communication skills to be able to liaise both internally and externally Self starting attitude, strong analytical and reporting techniques Interactive, confident personality To apply please click apply or call Kelly Brosko on 02 82893216 for a confidential discussion. 
 Are you a self-starter, needing no supervision to get the job done promptly?  Are you someone who takes pride in a job well done?  Are you extremely well organised, and like the boundaries that KPI's provide?  Do you have outstanding written and oral English?  Do you enjoy helping people understand their accounts?   We are a small dynamic team of professionals who work closely to support each other. Based in the Eastern Suburbs, we have a unique approach to the strata industry, focusing on providing excellent customer service. We are seeking someone who has a minimum 5 years' experience preparing annual accounts and undertaking bookkeeping tasks. The role includes efficiently entering levy information, running the levies to send to clients, preparing S184's, adjusting any banking requirements, answering levy queries from clients, year-end reporting, BAS prep for approx. 30 client schemes and paying PAYG as required. You will also be preparing annual financial reports for the auditing firm who prepares the annual tax returns for each scheme. We also maintain MYOB for caretakers that are employed by client schemes.  The successful applicant will also need to have basic computer skills (eg word, excel etc). You will liaise with the scheme auditors as required. Chart of Account Coding of invoices to suit is performed weekly and reconciling insurance claim invoices against payments to suit. This is a full time role - Monday to Friday “ 8.30am till 5.30pm - with 4 weeks annual leave.  Approx 11 days of this per year is when the office closes over the Christmas/New Year period.   The salary is $50k per annum. Training on the industry software "Stratamax" will be provided to the successful applicant. If this all sounds like a role you would enjoy and you are looking to work as part of a team in what can sometimes be a challenging role, then please send a covering letter using the word opportunity and explaining what you understand strata management involves, with your CV to Karina Heinz at the following email:   hr.prostrata@gmail.com   
 We are a small to medium accounting practice on the fringe of the CBD and seeking to appoint a Senior Accountant into our taxation & business services division. We are an independently owned and operated firm but are part of a national and international accounting network that gives us the ability to provide global solutions to our clients business and accounting needs. This role will allow you to contribute to a team environment in a paperless office and deal with clients directly. You will be exposed to regular training to help you progress and experience a good work/life balance.  The role involves a wide range of accounting duties, including: Preparing financial statements and income tax returns Preparing BAS, FBT returns and other areas of ATO compliance Assisting clients with their business services, taxation and advisory needs Offering clients software support In order to be considered for the role you will have: Between 2 to 4 years experience in a public practice environment CA or CPA qualification or be working towards post graduate qualifications as a CA or CPA (support provided) Excellent verbal and written communication skills Strong IT skills (experience with MYOB AE, MYOB and XERO will be highly regarded) Good accounting and taxation knowledge For further information about our firm, please refer to our website: www.mgiadelaide.com.au To apply for this role, please provide a curriculum vitae and a brief covering letter. No telephone enquiries No Recruiters   
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices. Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  Who are we looking for? People with extensive experience and leadership roles in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? You will lead a team in one of the Compliance Sections; Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts; Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program; You will influence and develop strategy, policies, priorities and practices relating to the health provider compliance program. Who are you? You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and extensive experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will be comfortable and experienced exercising a considerable degree of independence with decision making substantially dependent on your high level judgement What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 About the business: My client are leading global mining house with a reputation for quality, innovation, safety and outstanding service delivery. And as a result of a recent strategic examination, a project role has been created focused on a risk review of the organisations head office corporate functions.     About the role: Reporting to the Head of Global Risk you will be required to conduct a comprehensive review of the organisations head office corporate functions. This will be achieved by process mapping, detailed analysis, work-shopping with key departmental stakeholders and ultimately delivery of key findings and associated recommendations.     About you: You will demonstrate strong experience in the following areas:  Experience in a large complex corporate environment in a risk or audit context  Strong process mapping ability Problem solving  Outstanding stakeholder management and communication skills  Demonstrated ability to produce high quality written reports  SAP experience    
 Finance Graduate Exciting new graduate role within the Finance team of the VGSO Career advancement, training and professional development opportunities 18 month fixed-term position with the possibility of ongoing placement in 2020   About us The vision of the Victorian Government Solicitor's Office (VGSO) is to be the Victorian Government's trusted legal partner. The VGSO provides strategic advice and practical legal solutions to the Victorian government, departments, agencies and authorities. Our clients face a wide range of legal issues and seek legal advice and solutions that offer meaningful outcomes and effective risk management, given their unique government context. In all aspects of its operations, the VGSO aims to comply with its values: Responsiveness, Integrity, Insight, Collaboration and Excellence.   About the role This is a unique opportunity for a Finance Graduate to join the VGSO in this new role, which will form part of the wider 2019 Graduate Program hosted by the Department of Justice and Regulation. The incumbent will be given the opportunity to receive on the job training and six months of firsthand experience prior to joining the 2019 Graduate cohort and commencing the Professional Services stream of the 12 month Graduate program. As a Finance Graduate you will develop your career within a professional and supporting team environment, with regular learning and development opportunities available throughout the program. Upon successful completion of the 18-month program, Graduates may be considered for an ongoing role within the Finance team. Reporting to the Finance Manager, the Finance Graduate will: contribute to projects as a member of a team and conduct projects of defined scope under direction, including but not limited to accounts payable, accounts receivable and balance sheet reconciliations undertake research and analysis maintain accurate records, databases and record management systems initiate improvements to procedures use theoretical knowledge to achieve agreed outcomes   About you To be eligible for this position, candidates must: be an Australian citizen, Permanent Resident of Australia or a New Zealand citizen have recently completed (2016 to 2018 graduates) or be in your final year of an undergraduate degree in Finance or equivalent (Bachelor or equivalent, or post-graduate studies). be available to commence full time employment on or before 31 May 2018   HOW TO APPLY Online applications must include a cover letter and resume; candidates will be required complete an online questionnaire as part of the online application form. Key Selection Criteria responses are not required separately. To discuss this opportunity further please contact Abby McDonald, Recruitment Consultant on 03 9032 3052. Applications close before midnight on Sunday, 29 April, 2018. 
The Company Our client are seeking a Financial Accountant to commence a maternity contract ASAP.  The role: Reporting into the Finance Manager your role as a Financial Accountant will be a varied one. Your core duties will include:  Completion of Month End Reporting for multiple entites Dealing with multiple currencies Monthly analysis of results Balance Sheet Reconciliation preparation and follow up Year end reporting Inter company reconciliations  You will be responsible for ad-hoc project work and also for building strong relationships across the organisation. You will work in a challenging team of experienced people. Your profile Extensive practical accounting experience. CA or CPA qualified Big 4 trained Strong technical knowledge Detailed and current knowledge of accounting standards and practices. Strong excel skills Excellent written and verbal skills. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. To apply for this role click the "APPLY NOW" button. 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices.  Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to compliance work at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff that who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels. Who are we looking for? People with experience in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? Work in one of our Compliance teams. The senior roles (APS 5 and APS6) will usually work as team leaders where the more junior roles (APS 3 and APS 4) will form the core of our teams. you will work in one of the sections listed here: Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program. Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You enjoy working as part of a team and the more senior roles need people who have experience leading teams You have some  understanding and experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have an understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You have good judgement to contribute to decision making, and can seek assistance when it is needed. What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3 “ APS6 “ range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health   Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Who we are: AllightSykes is a Company with a reputation for delivering high quality products and services both domestically and internationally.  We are a well-established, market leader in the supply and maintenance of lighting towers, pumps, generators and engines.  With our trusted brand name, high levels of customer service and varied, innovative product lines we continue to be a preferred supplier of many Australian businesses.  As a Company, we are team orientated and values driven, we embrace change, diversity and creativity and offer a supportive working environment. About the role: Reporting to the Chief Financial Officer (CFO), the Financial Controller will manage and monitor the finance and accounting processes, practices and procedures of the organisation in addition to the preparation, control, audit, analysis and reporting of consolidated financial information reporting to key internal and external stakeholders. Key accountabilities will include: Consolidation of group financial accounts; Review and analyse operating results in relation to cost, budgets and operating policies; Manage and review the preparation of business unit, product line and consolidated budgets and forecasts; Oversee the preparation of required regular reports of liquidity, profit and loss, debtors/creditors, sales and capital expenditure, including the preparation of related management information material; Interpret operating results as they affect the financial position of the business and make recommendations for cost reduction and profit improvement; Unify finance teams across Australia and overseas and ensure a consistent application of the Group accounting policies; Direct and control the transactional accounting functions to optimise the utilisation of Accounts Payable and Receivable staff; Ensure compliance with corporate and statutory reporting requirements; Review subsidiary (domestic and overseas) and associate financial information to ensure compliance with relevant accounting standards and other requirements; Assist with monthly Executive and Board reporting requirements and other ad hoc reports; Manage procedure documentation and ensure adherence to policy; Developing and maintaining relationships with key internal and external stakeholders; Ensure that the organisation is in compliance with its corporate taxation obligations, both in Australia and New Zealand; Preparation of tax effect accounting workbooks and papers, for review by CFO and group staff;  and Manage the preparation and review of other direct and indirect taxation obligations of the business in Australia and New Zealand, including and not limited to GST and FBT. To be considered for this role you will have: A CA/CPA qualification with +5 years' post qualification experience in a Senior Accounting role; Previous staff management experience; Background in using and understanding a large ERP system; Experience in consolidation of foreign operations; Worked in the Manufacturing or Industrial industry; Previous Infor M3 experience “ preferable but not essential; Treasury and foreign exchange related experience would be an advantage; Strong interpersonal skills, ability to communicate and manage well at all levels of the organisation and with staff based in interstate and overseas locations; Strong problem solving and analytical skills and the ability to exercise sound judgment and make decisions based on accurate and timely information; and High level of integrity and dependability with a strong sense of urgency and results-orientation. If you believe you have the relevant skills and experience Apply Now through Seek or for further information please contact: Michelle Glover at michelle.glover@sandersonrecruitment.com.au or call 0416967712. 
 Our client a leader in Australian ladies fashion is seeking an Accounts Payable clerk for their head office based in Rosebery.   The successful applicant must have proven experience as an accounts payable clerk.   Reporting to the finance manager you will be responsible for the management of the accounts payable ledger.   You will have 3-5 years in a similar role.   Your duties would include but not limited to:   Payment to customers and clients Updating various ledgers Weekly reporting to Management General administration duties   On offer to the successful candidate is a six (6) week assignment, excellent hourly rate and will be receive full two week hand over from the employee currently in the role.    For immediate consideration please submit your resume now by clicking the apply now below. 
 This exciting, innovative and fast growth tech business has been successful since start up, and has huge potential still to realise.   The business is on a fast growth track and this is an outstanding opportunity available a hands-on and commercial CA/CPA qualified accountant to ensure that systems, controls, process and reporting keep pace with the growth of the business. The role is all-round initially, with responsibilities ranging from hands-on accounting, to C-level reporting and contributing as a business partner to the leadership team, and enabling scale and growth. You will ensure that management, shareholders and other stakeholders have confidence in the numbers, financial and management reporting and controls, so you need to be commercial, credible, and have the ability to communicate with a wide range of people. Financial analysis and modelling of new business, growth opportunities, and competitor visibility are aspects of the role. You will have an appetite to extend and deepen your role as the business grows. You will be CA/CPA qualified, comfortable in a small, growing business, and highly energised by the opportunity to get on board at a relatively early stage of a high growth business.   
 Payroll Officer $60K - $70K+ Super International Organisation Are you looking for a progressive payroll opportunity with an international organisation set in a friendly, family-feel environment?   We are recruiting a Payroll Officer to join a global leader near Macquarie, Sydney. The company offers a fantastic innovative culture and people based environment.   This role will see the successful individual joining the Head Office team, working closely with key stakeholders and the finance function.   On offer is a fantastic supportive environment which actively supports individual's careers as well as providing a competitive benefit package.   Responsibilities for the role will include: Processing Australian and NZ payroll, comprising of multiple sites Manage and processing payroll of 2000 employees fortnightly Interpretation, application of various awards and EA's Query resolution Chris21   Requirements for the role will include: Experience in a full function payroll position Experience with awards Payroll Tax experience would be ideal Excel and numeracy skills Excellent communication skills Able to work both autonomously and be part of a team   If you are interested in this position and feel you meet the criteria then please contact Kate Goworek on 96412422 or send your CV to kateg@charterhouse.com.au Quoting Payroll Officer Macquarie.   
Role Monthly financial close including analytical review and sign off of balance sheet; Profit and loss account for a legal entity; Actively supporting manager on projects such as new system testing; Liaising with external agents on various accounting matters; Liaising with internal tax department and tax agent on corporate tax matters; Liaising with various departments on intercompany settlements and transfer pricing; Managing internal and external audits;  Ensure compliance with internal standards, controls and policies; Monitoring and reporting of regulatory capital and returns to the relevant authorities. Salary $100k plus a bonus. 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices.  Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to compliance work at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff that who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels. Who are we looking for? People with experience in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? Work in one of our Compliance teams. The senior roles (APS 5 and APS6) will usually work as team leaders where the more junior roles (APS 3 and APS 4) will form the core of our teams. you will work in one of the sections listed here: Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program. Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You enjoy working as part of a team and the more senior roles need people who have experience leading teams You have some  understanding and experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have an understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You have good judgement to contribute to decision making, and can seek assistance when it is needed. What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3 “ APS6 “ range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health   Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Who are we? We are the leaders in event intelligence with over 15 years experience within the events industry. Growth is part of our landscape and we are based in Ultimo. What are we looking for? Due to our growth we have created a new role for someone to look after the daily and monthly finances for the business. We're looking for 10 hours of your time per week (to start with). This may increase depending on workload and proven skills. The position is based at our office so that you can be part of the team, as this is the best way to know what's going on! Who are you? Easy going with a sense of humour Able to keep up in a fast paced environment Interest in new technologies Being a little bit nerdy helps Possibly a working parent You appreciate a good coffee What will you do? Accounts payable transactions and payment Accounts receivable transactions and collection Managing company credit cards transactions Bank reconciliations Cashflow and forecasting Monthly payroll including superannuation and tax management Preparation of IAS and BAS Occasionally help others in peak periods What have you got? At least 3 years bookkeeping experience Experience dealing with foreign currency Experience with Xero Experience with Crunchboards Organisational skills Good written and verbal skills A positive attitude Please forward a covering letter and your CV, and if you're shortlisted, we'll be in touch!   
 The organisation As a highly respected organisation in the healthcare supply industry, this business has built a niche within a highly specialised field. This is your opportunity to join this successful business on a twelve month contract to cover for a staff member taking maternity leave. With an excellent management team, great culture and friendly team you will enjoy working in this organisation! Your responsibilities Reporting to the Finance Manager you will take ownership of the receivables working as an integral member of this small accounting team. With operations across Australia and New Zealand, your duties will be varied and encompass the following; Receipting & allocation of payments Investigation and resolution of customer queries Monthly statements Monitor and contact customers for non-payments Set up new customers Manage credit applications Process online credit card payments Reconciliations Prepare BAS calculations Your benefits This position offers a great team environment in a convenient location close to public transport and onsite parking if preferred making your daily commute a breeze! A professional yet relaxed atmosphere adds to the appeal. Combine this with great core hours of 8.30am - 4.30pm! Your background This is an opportunity for an experienced Senior Accounts Receivable Officer or Senior Accounts Officer who works well as part of a team and is seeking to commit to a position for the next twelve months. Unfortunately this is not a position for an Accounting Graduate with limited direct accounts receivable experience. To be successful in this position you will possess the following skills and experience; Minimum 5 years Accounts Receivable experience Previous B:B collections experience essential Experience within the healthcare industry highly desirable Good general accounting knowledge Accurate Data Entry skills Intermediate MS Excel skills SAGE 300 (AccPac) experience preferred but not essential ERP exposure advantageous Excellent customer service skills This is a busy position working as part of a supportive accounts team. Do not miss this opportunity. Email: Please click the APPLY NOW button below PH: 07 3221 8444 Fax: 07 3221 8044 Level 8, 97 Creek Street, Brisbane 4000 Please contact Rosemaree Ellis for a confidential enquiry. To view all our current positions visit www.stenhouserecruitment.com.au 
 Billini is an on-trend fashion footwear and accessories brand taking the industry by storm. Our stylish designs, high quality and value for money have set the stage for our continued success and growth.  Billini can be found in more than 500 leading boutiques and footwear chains Australia-wide as well as its own 10 retail stores located in NSW/ACT and online at billini.com.   A rare opportunity exists for an experienced and enthusiastic Senior Financial Accountant to lead our Accounts Department and join our busy and vibrant team. Reporting to our Managing Director, this varied role is primarily focused on, but not limited to: Meeting monthly reporting deadlines (P&L, Balance sheet and Cash Flow); Providing guidance, recommendations and management direct reports; Timely production of accurate weekly KPI reports, sales forecasts and seasonal sales reviews; Compiling annual budget and quarterly forecasts; Preparation of all tax related duties including BAS, IAS, and Payroll Tax; General ledger maintenance; Assist department heads with ad-hoc business projects and reporting; Supervision, assistance and management of the Accounts Assistant including but not limit to: Book-keeping; Credit application processing; AP/AR; Payroll and superannuation; Agent commissions; Bank and credit card reconciliations; Petty cash. Your Profile Advanced MS Excel skills is a must; Proficient in using MYOB; Minimum 3 years' experience in a similar role; Excellent communication skills both verbal and written; High attention to detail; Ability to multi-task within a fast paced environment; Tertiary qualification; Fully qualified CA/CPA or near completion; Team player with leadership experience is highly regarded; Experience using Apparel 21 software system is highly regarded but not essential; Previous experience in footwear/fashion wholesale/retail industry is desirable but not essential. On-the-job training will be provided to the successful candidate.   If you would like to become part of a highly motivated and vibrant team and would like the opportunity to be challenged and rewarded for your hard work then please submit your application.   Please note only applicants who have been short listed will be contacted in relation to their application.  
 Hudson's client, a medium sized operationally focussed federal government agency is currently seeking an experienced financial/asset accountant to join their corporate accounting team on an initial 4 month contract. The Financial Statements and Asset Coordinator will be responsible for contributing to the effective management of the agencies assets by assisting in setting strategic asset management direction, overseeing fixed asset accounting policy, managing asset revaluation, managing asset impairment assessments and stocktakes, and managing the Fixed Asset Register and related transaction processing. With the Financial year end drawing closer this role will also play a key role in the preparation of the annual financial statements, including the development of associated working papers and notes, providing advice on financial accounting issues, including the interpretation and application of accounting standards and supporting the senior financial accountant through the statement and audit period. To be successful in this role, you will have a strong background and experience working within a financial accounting role with demonstrated experience in the preparation of annual financial statements, asset management and the maintenance of the fixed asset register, while experience with the management of asset revaluations, impairment assessments and stocktakes is highly desirable. Tertiary qualifications in accounting and finance are essential while a CA/CPA, or studying towards will be highly desirable. This is a great 4 month contract opportunity that offers a challenge and variety of work. Like to know more? To submit your application, in strict confidence, please apply online using the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Chris Lejsek, Manager, Accounting & Finance in our Canberra office on 02 6229 1533, quoting Ref No. 1A/13315. Your interest will be treated in the strictest of confidence. 
 $85k - $95k Package CBD Location Fantastic client mix This impressive firm is providing an exciting opportunity for the right Business Services Supervisor. With a strong focus on collaboration & technological advancements this firm ensures they are ahead when it comes to accounting standards. You will gain exposure to a range of industries including but not limited to; Construction, Manufacturing,  Hospitality & Not-for-profit. The mix of these industries will ensure that you are constantly learning and encounter new & more complex areas of accounting. The company culture is hard working, professional yet enjoyable and friendly. A real sense of work/life balance is filtered through the firm. A dedicated team will be your valuable resource and the Partners will assist in your career progression, every step of the way. Your main duties include; Preparation and review of accounts, tax returns, BAS, FBT and payroll tax returns Servicing individuals, partnerships, companies, trusts, and superannuation funds Liaising and maintaining existing clients and building new relationships Review of financial reports Supervising junior staff Ideally you will have; CA qualifications 5 years local Business Services experience Self-motivated  Efficient and have an eye for detail If you are interested in this role please email your resume to Ivar.Alcon@lawsonelliott.com.au quoting IV4294 or call (02) 8274 0211 for more information. 
 About the business National Australian Pipelines is a Pipeline and Civil Construction company undertaking water and gas projects throughout Victoria and Australia.  Our head office is based in Bundoora (University Hill precinct) About the role We require a multi-skilled Office All-Rounder to assist with a major Civil Construction Project commencing in May 2018. The contract position is full time for a minimum of Four Months commencing 14th May 2018 and the hours are Monday to Friday (8.30am “ 5.00pm). Benefits and perks There is scope for the appointment to be extended for the right candidate. Skills and experience The position requires experience in Word & Excel, Telephone, Reception, Purchasing, Ordering, and Payroll experience with MYOB would be an advantage.  The ability to work in a team environment is absolutely essential. 
 About the business and the role Small Chartered Accountant business services firm located in Sydney's north west is seeking a full-time assistant accountant. This is a great opportunity to: Learn accounting  Learn about tax Work with a wide range of businesses   Job tasks and responsibilities This is an administrative role where you will be providing support to a friendly team of 4 accountants. This will include: practice administration, reception, accounting and taxation. This role will require fluency in both Korean and English.     Skills and experience required Good communication skills (To apply for this role fluency in Korean and English is essential) Basic IT skills Microsoft excel and word Business services background would be highly regarded (although not necessary). This is a great opportunity for someone who is interested in learning about how businesses function and is pursuing a career in accounting. There will be many opportunities to learn and develop new skills as well as potential career progression opportunities.   
 SMSF Senior Accountant role available with excellent client portfolio. Commercial, progressive & dynamic firm. Your new company This boutique firm located in Melbourne's east is offers its employees a fast paced and enthusiastic environment to thrive in. This firm is renowned for its use of up to the minute technology, with a firm focus on Xero. Your excellent technical knowledge will give you access to an excellent portfolio of clients. Your new role Your new role will require you to have a high level understanding of superannuation and tax advice to provide to your customers. Your new role will also provide you with the opportunity of plenty of face to face contact with high profile clients. What you'll need to succeed The role will include duties such as, however not limit to: Manage and increase customer portfolio Liaising with clients face to face Effectively complete company and client assignments Strong technical abilities Good analytical skills and solutions focused Experience with BGL simple fund would be desirable CA/CPA and RG146 qualified. You will also have at least 3-5 years' experience in the SMSF sector. What you'll get in return In return you will receive a competitive remuneration package, an opportunity to work with a diverse range of high profile clients, and the opportunity to take the next step in your career. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Tom Miles on 96049517 now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Pilbara Access is the largest privately owned Specialist Scaffolding and Access Company in Australia and prides itself on being an Industry Leader. The success of our Company is based on providing a Safe environment for our employees and consistently delivering quality services to our clients in the Mining and Construction industries. Our innovative and progressive culture are the reasons behind our rapidly expanding workforce. Reporting to the Finance Manager, we now have exciting opportunity for a competent, confident Management Accountant to join our Finance Team. This ˜hands on' position requires a senior background in accounting with strong leadership, organisation and reporting skills To be considered for this position, you must have: Tertiary qualifications in Accounting as well as CA/CPA accreditation 5+ years' experience in a management accountant position preferably within the mining services / contractor industry You will possess extensive knowledge and ability to control and maintain month end processing Experience in budgeting and forecasting Excellent attention to detail Strong reporting skills with a high proficiency in Microsoft Office (Excel), in order to deal with complex spreadsheets Strong communication skills at all business levels The ability to think strategically whilst still autonomously managing the day to day operational needs of the business Familiarity with Greentree ERP system would be viewed favourably What are the benefits of working with Pilbara Access? Employee Rewards and Recognition program - be rewarded for your hard work and dedication Employee Benefits program including reduced rate Health Insurance and access to a variety of retail discounts and more! The unique opportunity to work in an organisation with the safety of our people and the environment at the forefront of all that we do A supportive and dynamic team environment. Competitive remuneration with a leading mining services provider The chance to join a dynamic and successful business group Apply today and become a part of our success! Shortlisted applicants will be contacted by the Recruitment Team immediately! 
 In this 12-month EL1 Management Accounting role, you will be responsible for the internal and external budgeting process for a small but important Australian Government agency In this role you will management a small team to deliver on both the internal and external budgeting process. The person in this role will be involved in the full range of budgeting activities, including the assessment of spending priorities and resource allocation You will also be involved in Advising executive team on financial management & accounting standards Monitoring performance against budget Management reporting Team leadership Our client will pay a competitive rate on a non-ongoing contract basis. For further information, please contact James Amos on 02 6162 7309. By submitting an application you agree to our Privacy and Information Collection Policy located at www.dfp.com.au 
 About the company Our client based in the Eastern Suburbs is currently seeking an experienced Accounts Administrator initially on a temporary basis, with the opportunity for permanency, commencing immediately for approximately 3 months.   To be considered for this position you must have a current SAPOL National Police Clearance.   About the role The ideal candidate will have proven experience working within a busy finance environment. This role will essentially be providing administration support to the accounts team. This is a full-time position working across Monday to Friday, but there is flexibility to work Tuesday to Friday for the right person. Duties: Assisting with BAS Statements General Accounts Management Book keeping Accounts receivable High-level administrative support Management of records and word processing Maintain filing systems and databases Maintain the confidentiality of records and correspondence Liaise with internal and external stakeholders   Skills & experience: Must have a current SAPOL National Police Clearance “ less than 12 months Proven Accounts Administration experience “ at least 2 years Understanding of book keeping and MYOB13 is desirable Must be proficient with MS Office Suite Must hold a current South Australian Driver's License High attention to detail Excellent communication skills Ability to prioritise workload and meet deadlines Team player who enjoys working with and supporting others with a can do attitude Professional, tactful and discreet   Benefits Opportunity to build on your current skill set Flexible working arrangements for the right candidate Possibility of permanency   How to apply If you have the required suitable skills, hold a current SAPOL National Police Clearance and you are able to commit to a temporary assignment, please apply now. Only shortlisted applicants will be contacted for a confidential discussion. 
 AMD are more than Chartered Accountants, providing our clients with a range of services and offerings. Clients range from dynamic small businesses to government, including large private companies, not for profit organisations and leading regional names.   We are seeking an Audit graduate to join our Audit team. You will work on a varied client base across a diverse mix of industry sectors, in a team environment and benefit from our training and development programs. You will be mentored as you progress your career and enhance your technical abilities.   Skills and experience The successful candidate will have completed (or nearing completion) of a Bachelor of Business or Commerce (Accounting); possess a high level of communication and interpersonal skills; drivers licence and own transport. It is a requirement of this position that the successful candidate is able to travel, this includes to regional areas within Western Australia.   We are offering Ongoing professional training and on the job mentoring CA/CPA financial and study support Professional working environment with career development opportunities Vibrant, social team environment. To apply please post or email your CV and covering letter by 5pm, Sunday 22nd April 2018 to: andrea.harris@amdonline.com.au PO Box 1306, Bunbury WA 6231 
This client client is a global financial institution provider who continue to enjoy significant year on year growth. They currently seek a Management Accountant to join their Finance and Control team on an 8 month contract. Duties for this role include but are not limited to:  Produce management information focusing predominately on expenses and headcount. Prepare monthly expense accruals, balance sheet reconciliations, forecasts and budgets and cost reporting. Provide monthly analysis of experiences by nature and department. To be considered for this role you'll be degree qualified in a relevant discipline. You'll be CPA qualified or part-qualified and will have management reporting experience, preferably from the financial services industry. Budgeting experience will be beneficial and you'll be proficient in accounting systems and excel. If this sounds like you and you are interested in this role then please hit the APPLY NOW button to submit an up-to-date copy of your CV. 
 Due to significant economic growth and business expansion, our client is seeking an Accountant to support their finance division in Western Australia. The role will focus on cost efficiency, process implementation and daily financial responsibilities. You will be responsible for influencing and directing administrative requirements to help support your role whilst having visibility across 3 business units. This is an excellent time to secure a position within a growing service based industry and secure a long term and career enhancing role. As an Accountant your role and responsibilities will be but not limited to: General ledger reconciliation and manage monthly financial reports Manage the end to end functions of accounts payable and receivable  Yearly budget, cash flow forecasts and P&L responsibilities  Maintain Fixed Asset Register and general accounting transactions Manage core business invoicing and unify across 3 business streams Review profitability and financial reports Liaise with operations, administration and senior management throughout support vendors, contracts, suppliers for day to day matters Continuous improvement of procedures and processes to maintain efficiency To be considered for this position you will ideally possess the following: A degree in Commerce or Business major in Accounting or Finance Minimum 5 years' experience in a similar role or strong background in accounting Excellent knowledge and experience using Pronto/MYOB would be an advantage Ability to work in a dynamic and innovative environment Strong leadership skills, previous supervisory experience is highly regarded Excellent communication, interpersonal skills and a collaborative working style with highly developed influencing skills High level of attention to detail and strong computing skills Mature and friendly personality If you believe you have the right match of skills and experience for this position, we encourage you to submit your application by clicking the 'Apply' button. Due to the number of applications only successful applicants will be contacted. 
 Do you want to work for a multi-award winning retail organisation and be a part of a fantastic team? Specsavers strive to be the best optical retailer in Australia, satisfying personal eye care needs at affordable prices. We are currently seeking a Store Accounts Payable Officer on a 6 month Fixed term contract to join our high performing team in Port Melbourne. This role provides support to our store Partners, accurately process all areas of Accounts Payable within the specified deadlines, to ensure all objectives are met. The successful candidate will be responsible for: · Data Entry of all invoices accurately and on a timely basis · Process EFT Payment Runs on a weekly and monthly basis · Review accounts to ensure all invoices are paid on time · Maintain good internal controls and compliance to policies and procedures · Provide excellent customer service to all internal and external customers · Excellent attention to detail · Other projects and tasks as provided by the line manager · Ensure correct authority approvals on all invoices · No payroll function required · Responsible for up to 50 stores full end to end accounts payable function (up to 1900 Invoices Monthly) · Supplier statements to be reconciled on a monthly basis · All queries received to be responded to and actioned within 24 hours The Store Accounts payable Officer will report to the Store Accounts Payable Team Leader and will possess the following skills and experience: · Excellent Communication skills (written & verbal) · Strong attention to detail · Ability to work towards and meet strict deadlines · Proactive and professional work manner · The ability to build and maintain relationships · Strong organisational skills and the ability to multi-task · Intermediate level at Excel At Specsavers we value our people and not only offer competitive reward and benefits but also on-going training and development. We have an established learning academy for our staff, and have been recognised through multiple awards as an employer of choice. If you are interested in this position please submit your application via the link below   
 Minimum 5 year experienced Accountant for a FMCG Food Company based in Archerfield. Full time position, cantonese speaking preferred. 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices.  Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to compliance work at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff that who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels. Who are we looking for? People with experience in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? Work in one of our Compliance teams. The senior roles (APS 5 and APS6) will usually work as team leaders where the more junior roles (APS 3 and APS 4) will form the core of our teams. you will work in one of the sections listed here: Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program. Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You enjoy working as part of a team and the more senior roles need people who have experience leading teams You have some  understanding and experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have an understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You have good judgement to contribute to decision making, and can seek assistance when it is needed. What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3 “ APS6 “ range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health   Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 We are seeking an experienced Accounts All-rounder for a two month assignment commencing on the 26.4.2018. Located in Heidelberg West the hours of work are 8.30am - 4.30pm Mon - Fri with a 30 minute lunch break. Being a fixed term position we require someone who can hit the ground running, so previous experience across Accounts payable, receivable and payroll is required. For you the ability to multi task, manage your own workload and meet deadlines is second nature. You are energetic, switched on, proactive and happy to jump in and assist the team where you can! A high attention to detail is required and a can do attitude is essential. Experience with MYOB  is required in your application. Responsibilities include: Accounts Payable “ Creditor Invoice Entry, Creditor Statement Reconciliation and Approval, Creditor Payment Preparation Batching for EFT transfer, General Weekly Payments (Labour Hire, Utilities etc) Account Receivable “ Daily banking downloads and processing, Reconciliation of Customer Payments, Credit Notes, Debt Collection, Debtor End of Month “ Debt Collection (calls to customers who are slow with payments) Weekly Bank Reconciliation Processing and Approval of New Account Applications  Payroll “ End of Month Processing “ Superannuation Reconciliation (Computer Generated) and payment preparation “ Payroll Tax Calculation, lodgement and payment “ Roll over General Office Duties “ Filing, phones etc. Please submit your resume in confidence via the link below. Dekro Human Resource Services understand the importance of placing you in a role that meets your financial, career progression and work/life balance needs. Our dedicated team of consultants take the time to find out exactly what you want from your next career opportunity. 
 Senior Payroll Officer - Chris 21 Professional - Temp To Perm Opportunity- CBD Your new company A tier one engineering firm that continues to see success and grow its team with multiple projects across VIC and Australia. Your new role You will be responsible for the timely processing of payroll in an end to end capacity for up to 550 employees. You will have a strong knowledge of paying under multiple awards and up to 10 EBA's. You may assist in preparing reports by compiling summaries of earnings, taxes, deductions, leave, disability, and nontaxable wages. You will be also liaising with internal and external departments as required. What you'll need to succeed Strong experience with Chris 21 payroll A solid understanding of EBA's and paying under multiple awards Inter-company reconciliations for multiple entities End to end payroll skills for a large company background ideally in engineering or construction Attention to detail Excellent communication skills What you'll get in return You will be a proud member of a high functioning and efficient team with an outstanding office culture. You will be given the autonomy to be hands on with your work and the responsibility to maintain key relationships within the organisation. You will be offered a competitive wage and work in a convenient CBD location. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV or forward it directly to luke.grakovich@hays.com.au Otherwise please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Who are we? With over 700 employees in Brisbane, Cairns, Darwin, Mackay, Newcastle, Roma, Toowoomba and Townsville, the FKG Group provides integrated engineering and construction services across Australia. We deliver Performance Beyond Expectation.   What are we looking for? We are seeking a suitably qualified and experienced Financial Analyst to join our "One FKG" team.  Based in the Brisbane office.  The key component of this role is to work closely with the Group Manager - Engineering to manage the inputs relating to company budgets, overheads, and financial data to provide information and strategic analysis enabling management to make sound commercial and operational decisions. To be successful, candidates will be able to demonstrate: Tertiary education in Accounting or similar; 4+ years' experience working as financial analyst role; Experience directly involved in the financial project management of construction projects; Advanced level knowledge of accounting principles and financial statements; Highly developed skills in conflict resolution, negotiation and problem solving; Experienced report writing; Excellent attention to detail; Intermediate to advanced level computer skills in Microsoft Office (word, excel, outlook), project costing software and cost control software (e.g. Jobpac); Advanced written and verbal communication skills; Highly developed organisational, time management and prioritisation skills; Ability to work under pressure and to deadlines; and A high level of jobpac experience advantageous. In return, the successful candidate will join a group that is committed to building our operations and developing a professional and proficient team who are committed to leading the way in our industry. FKG are genuinely dedicated to our employee's development and wellbeing and offer competitive salary packages and exciting employee benefits to enhance the employment experience.   If you are interested in a career with FKG and believe you fit the above criteria, please respond to this advert or send your CV to hr@fkg.com.au today! 
Company This is organisation is vast and complex in its portfolio and offerings, with plenty of opportunities along with challenges.  Position This position is a broad role, and your responsibilities will include: Setting up a new best practice function for this division Business partnering and influencing your senior Exec stakeholders Budgeting and forecasting  In depth management reporting and analysis Involvement in managing various complex projects and new initiatives Financial modelling Process improvement and review Profile You will be a CA or CPA qualified accountant with relevant experience working in a fast paced global organisation and you must be able to demonstrate strong business partnering skills.  You will have excellent skills in both Excel and financial systems, an ability to pick things quickly, identify and make changes plus work without always needing direction.  The team is progressive, friendly but driven and there is huge scope to grow with the company. if this all sounds like you then it could be the perfect role.  Benefits Up to $140,000 - $140,000 package and an excellent opportunity to work with this organisation in an exciting time of transformation. Unlimited career opportunities for progression. Apply To find out more please call Melanie McCroarey on +612 9262 4836 or apply at www.moirgroup.com.au. To be alerted when we advertise a new job please set up a "job alert" by visiting us at our website www.moirgroup.com.au 
 The Company ASSA ABLOY Entrance Systems is a global leader in door opening solutions. With a workforce of more than 11,000 worldwide and presence in more than 70 countries, we manufacture, install and maintain all entrance door types in the commercial and industrial door market across a diverse range of customers.  The Position We are looking for a talented ACCOUNTING ASSISTANT for AAES Shared Service Team based in Seven Hills, Sydney.  Reporting to the Shared Service Manager, this role is involved in assisting in the preparation month end accounts for AAES Australia. This includes, but is not limited to, general ledger journals, reconciliations, fixed assets, tax returns and statutory reporting. Key Responsibilities                                                                    Daily full bank reconciliations Monitor any unallocated cash with AR team Calculate and process Month end journals and accruals Prepare Month End Balance Sheet Reconciliations Update and maintain the fixed asset register with new purchases for depreciation Update and maintain prepayments with new items that require amortisation Assist information for monthly BAS return ready for submission Monitor Petty Cash Reconciliations from State Branches with Accounts Payable Prepare monthly recharge invoices and journals to AA companies Prepare and distribute weekly sales and order reports to all staff Assist and support the Shared Service Manager and other senior finance staff with ad-hoc work as required Assist and support Accounts Payable and Receivable with queries Assist with the preparation of monthly, quarterly and annual HFM reporting Assist with the preparation and submission of various tax returns (Company, FBT) About You Similar experience in  shared service environment Previous experience in a corporate environment essential Previous experience in the construction industry or facility management preferable Good record keeping skills Good knowledge of financial legislative requirements Be able to interpret figures Experience with ERP systems such as MFG Pro and SAP Intermediate to Advanced Excel and Word skills Team player Ability to work with senior management and meet management deadlines Ability to work with others and communicate issues to non-accounting personnel. This is a unique opportunity to work for the global leader in entrance automation and start your corporate career. We are excited to hear from you! Please send your CV and cover letter by clicking the APPLY button below. Let us know your interest no later than 25 April 2018. No agency applications please. 
 About the business and the role The working environment is dynamic, fast-paced and challenging. There is an emphasis on collaborative support and teamwork, and team members are encouraged to demonstrate leadership and take personal responsibility for maintaining the Company's standard of professional excellence.   Job tasks and responsibilities Our client is seeking an Assistant Accountant that has a passion for accuracy and enjoys working in a vibrant environment. Reporting to the Finance Manager, you will be responsible for the following:      Prepare weekly progress reports Prepare standard monthly journals Balance sheet reconciliations Preparation of BAS Assist with preparation of annual and half years financial reports and budges and forecasts Review cash book, enter and reconcile all business related bank accounts on a weekly basis Assist with the preparation of audit working papers and year end reporting processes including annual tax preparations Maintaining the company fixed asset registers on a monthly basis including depreciation journals Liaise with Accounts Payable and Receivables and Payroll Skills and experience To be successful in this position, you will also have the following skills, knowledge and attributes: Experience in a similar role Part qualified CPA/CA desirable Strong reconciliation skills and balancing Experience with Fixed Assets Exposure to working in a fast paced, high pressure environment Ability to think outside the square and problem solve 
The Business  A leading Consumer brand is seeking a Senior Commercial Analyst to join their team. Based in Melbourne's CBD, you will be joining a motivated, high performing and very well-regarded finance function with plenty of career development opportunities.   The Role As the Senior Finance Analyst this role sits at group level within the organisation. You will be responsible for delivering insightful analysis to the senior leadership of the organisation to answer key business questions that directly influence the long-term strategy of the business. Working alongside the Management Accounting team, this role will support the whole organisation, partnering across Marketing and Sales.   Your duties will include: Working with senior management to support the development of appropriate strategies for the growth of the Australian business Provide monthly analysis for senior leadership on the financial performance of the organisation Be the key point of contact from the CEO/CFO/COO for ad hoc analysis Partner across the entire Sales and Marketing functions at a product and strategic level Work with business partners to build financial business cases to support large scale investments and campaigns. Develop an understanding of the competitive pressures that the business faces and their potential implications and provide business alternatives/solutions Evaluate and report actual versus planned outcomes of key strategic and tactical decisions Continually challenge current thinking and make recommendations on how to optimise business opportunities and minimise risk to the business.   Your Background It's essential for this role that you are CA or CPA qualified, ideally having started your career in a Big 4 firm. You will have experience in a similar role within a complex and matrixed organisation. You will have demonstrated an analytical approach to problem solving and acute commercial awareness and be able to communicate and influence across the business. As this is a temporary contract you must be immediately available or have a maximum notice period of 1 week. Candidates in a permanent role with a 4 week notice period will not be considered.      How to apply Please send your resume in word format by clicking on "apply" button below or for further information contact Anna Growcott on 03 9982 8482. 
 Who are we? The Toll Group is the Asian region's leading provider of integrated logistics services, generating annual revenue of AU$8.3 billion and employing over 40,000 people across an extensive network of 1,200 sites throughout more than 50 countries across the world. We're committed to providing a safe, diverse, satisfying and fulfilling workplace for all of our people. We value integrity, trust, teamwork and being open and transparent. The opportunity? As part of Toll Group's new growth strategy, we are currently seeking a Senior Accounting Team Leader to join our finance function located in Port Melbourne. This role plans and co-ordinates the month to month and day to day activities of their financial accounting team and set detailed work and project plans. Key accountabilities and responsibilities will include, but not be limited to: Responsible for maintaining the integrity of fixed asset processes - capitalising / transfer/ disposals/asset stocktakes/ fixed asset register maintenance. Managing weekly KPI meetings and providing general support to the team. Ongoing coaching & mentoring of team members. Continued focus on embedding a customer centric culture within the team. Monthly income tax analysis and monthly FBT analysis. Prepare monthly balance sheet reconciliations, and weekly reporting. Be responsible for preparation of Fixed Asset monthly balance sheet reconciliations and investigation of variances. Assist in internal and external audit processes. The ideal candidate? As the successful candidate you will have: Tertiary qualifications in Finance, Commerce or related discipline. Demonstrated competence in disciplines of accounting principles and numeracy skills. Working knowledge of accounting process, Australian Accounting standards, financial and KPI reporting. To be considered for this opportunity it's essential to have a minimum of two years' experience in a people leadership role. Proficient spread sheeting skills. Possess excellent communication skills, both written and spoken, with the ability to engage with a range of key stakeholders, both internal and external. Have a demonstrated ability to manage complex, time-dependent deliverables and work within a fast paced environment whilst balancing competing interests. Experience with Unibis and/or Oracle is desirable. In return, you will be rewarded with an inclusive and dynamic team environment, a passionate company culture and the opportunity to be an integral part of Toll's new direction. We will not be liable for any fees or costs associated with unsolicited CVs sent directly to line managers from recruitment agencies. 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices.  Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to compliance work at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff that who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels. Who are we looking for? People with experience in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? Work in one of our Compliance teams. The senior roles (APS 5 and APS6) will usually work as team leaders where the more junior roles (APS 3 and APS 4) will form the core of our teams. you will work in one of the sections listed here: Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program. Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You enjoy working as part of a team and the more senior roles need people who have experience leading teams You have some  understanding and experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have an understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You have good judgement to contribute to decision making, and can seek assistance when it is needed. What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3 “ APS6 “ range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health   Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices.  Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to compliance work at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff that who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels. Who are we looking for? People with experience in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? Work in one of our Compliance teams. The senior roles (APS 5 and APS6) will usually work as team leaders where the more junior roles (APS 3 and APS 4) will form the core of our teams. you will work in one of the sections listed here: Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program. Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You enjoy working as part of a team and the more senior roles need people who have experience leading teams You have some  understanding and experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have an understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You have good judgement to contribute to decision making, and can seek assistance when it is needed. What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3 “ APS6 “ range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health   Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 A growing Fintech company is looking to add an experienced Financial Analyst to join there team to drive growth across the business. This start up business has just gone through a round of funding and are looking for an analyst to help drive them into the next phase of growth. Key Responsibilities: Assist the Manager, Finance Partner and CFO to manage budgets/forecasts, monthly reporting and insights and ad hoc analysis of business performance Assist the Manager, Finance Partner in developing, maintaining and improving driver based planning, forecasting and financial reporting models that support the budgeting/forecasting process, and assist in commercial reviews and deep dives. This role will play a pivotal role in managing results, providing insights via partnering with key stakeholders and building and delivering a financial plan. Key Requirements: CA / CPA qualified with degree in accounting/finance/commerce 3-5 years experience in a commercially focused role, preferably in an SME environment Experience in providing insights around financial data, segmentation and analysis Advanced Excel and financial and modelling skills Strong interpersonal skills Communicating with a wide variety of stake-holders and To apply please click apply or call Patrick Leahy on 03 8628 2118 for a confidential discussion. 
 Lead a small team, become a tax agent and an owner. Modern accounting firm specializing in small business and their entities. 250 tax returns 40 Companies  50 Trusts 15 SMSFs 130 individuals Working closely with well qualified and experienced Financial Planners & Mortgage Broker supported by industry leading Client Services Managers. 
 Financial Performance Analyst | University Research Strategy | 6-month Contract | Immediate start Strategic role putting the meaning behind the numbers Work with the best minds in the business Top Tier University This leading Melbourne based University finds itself extremely well positioned in the current climate and is currently looking to appoint an energetic and high performing Financial Performance Analyst on an initial contract basis. This is a new role, so the candidate will need to be able to take on all responsibilities with enthusiasm and then be able to expand the role as the scope of the responsibilities grows in response to the needs of the University. The position will require strong relationships to be built across the University in which to elicit trust and build credibility. The position will provide impactful reporting and analytics to deliver insights to enable critical business decisions to be made across the University to ensure the University is on track to the achievement of the research strategy. This is a great role where you will sit with the business and be pivotal in producing information that can drive the way the business is run. It is incredibly commercial and requires someone just as commercial to come on board. The successful qualified accounting candidate must have; Astute financial modelling and analysis skills, including ability to build and maintain detailed models, draw on data from disparate processes and systems to ensure data integrity and align analysis to strategy in order to communicate accurate and relevant information. Have acute attention to detail, however be able to come out of the detail in which to succinctly communicate the critical messages to stakeholders, most of which will be very senior, University Executives, Faculty Executives and CFO, etc. Take your future in your own hands: Apply Now to be considered 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices.  Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to compliance work at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff that who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels. Who are we looking for? People with experience in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? Work in one of our Compliance teams. The senior roles (APS 5 and APS6) will usually work as team leaders where the more junior roles (APS 3 and APS 4) will form the core of our teams. you will work in one of the sections listed here: Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program. Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You enjoy working as part of a team and the more senior roles need people who have experience leading teams You have some  understanding and experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have an understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You have good judgement to contribute to decision making, and can seek assistance when it is needed. What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3 “ APS6 “ range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health   Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
An exciting opportunity for an experienced Office Manager/Bookkeeper to work within a small, highly successful Perth design business.  The company boasts a modern office with a fun vibe in a small, close knit team environment. Our client has established themselves as a leading Australian design company, over the past 20 years, with project recognition both here in Australia and overseas. This Office Manager/Bookkeeper role is a crucial role in all aspects of administration management, bookkeeping and providing PA support to the Director and is part of a small, close knit team.  They are passionate about delivering an exceptional customer service to ensure they remain at the forefront of their demanding yet creative industry. The Role is busy and varied, demanding a high level of autonomy and an eye for detail.  The successful applicant will need to demonstrate a solid background in bookkeeping as well as the ability to manage a small office.  There is a heavy focus on managing the purchase order process including overseas transactions, freight clearance and ensuring costs are allocated to projects and reconciled against budget. Key Responsibilities include but are not limited to: End to end accounts payable and receivable All aspects of payroll including timesheet billing Bank, credit card and general ledger reconciliations Organise and coordinate freight “ local, national and international Prepare and lodge BAS and IAS Maintain and reconcile project costing worksheet Liaising with clients with regards to agreements, accounts and queries Office management and general administration PA to the Directors To Be Successful you will be able to demonstrate: Experience in a similar role using MYOB High level of customer service and the ability to build good relationships with stakeholders and customers Experience in developing and implementing processes and systems Exceptional time management and organisation skills To be considered please submit your resume by clicking APPLY above, alternatively for a confidential discussion please do not hesitate to call or email, see below for details. Cara Carrodus CPA Senior Recruitment Consultant Accounting & Finance 9212 1001 cara.carrodus@rubicor.com.au 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices.  Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to compliance work at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff that who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels. Who are we looking for? People with experience in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? Work in one of our Compliance teams. The senior roles (APS 5 and APS6) will usually work as team leaders where the more junior roles (APS 3 and APS 4) will form the core of our teams. you will work in one of the sections listed here: Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program. Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You enjoy working as part of a team and the more senior roles need people who have experience leading teams You have some  understanding and experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have an understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You have good judgement to contribute to decision making, and can seek assistance when it is needed. What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3 “ APS6 “ range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health   Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices.  Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to compliance work at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff that who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels. Who are we looking for? People with experience in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? Work in one of our Compliance teams. The senior roles (APS 5 and APS6) will usually work as team leaders where the more junior roles (APS 3 and APS 4) will form the core of our teams. you will work in one of the sections listed here: Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program. Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You enjoy working as part of a team and the more senior roles need people who have experience leading teams You have some  understanding and experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have an understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You have good judgement to contribute to decision making, and can seek assistance when it is needed. What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3 “ APS6 “ range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health   Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Fantastic location “ Great Office Space Definite work/life balance Friendly and relaxed yet professional culture Reputable top BRW Accounting firm offering the expertise and quality of work characteristic of the big 4 whilst ensuring that staff experience the flexibility and personalised work environment typical of smaller firms. Offering a range of services including Accounting, Taxation, Audit and Wealth Management Staff gain exposure to a variety of clients across industries such as property development, finance and Banking, legal and high net worth professionals. You will be responsible for Servicing to clients with turnover ranging from $20 mil to $400 mil as well as the preparation of financial statements and tax returns, assisting and reviewing the work of junior team members and working directly with the Manager and Partner to liaise with clients. In return you will gain an above market salary package, autonomy to step up to a senior position in the short term and fantastic staff benefits! It is envisaged that you have: At least 3 to 4 years' experience within Business Services in a Professional Practice Accounting Firm Studying or completed CA (Full support and mentoring naturally offered) Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to communicate with clients at all levels Desire to work both Advisory alongside compliance The desire to progress your career and work within a growing and dynamic organisation! ********************* For more information on this position or other opportunities within professional practice please contact Sean Harper on 0414 974280 or email sean@slomanquane.com.au for a confidential discussion 
This global commercial services provider is looking for an experienced Accounts Receivable Officer on a contract basis for 6 months. With signs of expanding further through acquisition in the coming 12 months, their Western Sydney shared service function covers Australia & New Zealand. This includes a collections team as well as banking/ allocations team. The benefits: Onsite parking Close to Public transport  Career progression 60,000-65,000 + Super The role: Allocating EFT & cheque payments on a daily basis in ERP system Reconciling accounts to ensure all payments are up to date Resolving any un-allocated payments in 'suspense accounts' Receipting payments Processing & filing remittances Working on AR related projects to improve processes/ procedures Support the credit team by providing duplicate paperwork as requested  The Candidate:  2 plus years of Accounts Receivable experience Sound verbal & written English skills Strong communication skills, especially when talking to non-finance people A team orientated work ethic, positive and friendly at all times The willingness to learn and be shown better ways of working If you are confident you have the skills and experience outlined above, and you are looking for a role which will stretch you but one you ultimately enjoy, I am keen to hear from you. Click "apply" now. 
 Fantastic location “ Great Office Space Definite work/life balance Friendly and relaxed yet professional culture Reputable top BRW Accounting firm offering the expertise and quality of work characteristic of the big 4 whilst ensuring that staff experience the flexibility and personalised work environment typical of smaller firms. Offering a range of services including Accounting, Taxation, Audit and Wealth Management Staff gain exposure to a variety of clients across industries such as property development, finance and Banking, legal and high net worth professionals. You will be responsible for Servicing to clients with turnover ranging from $20 mil to $400 mil as well as the preparation of financial statements and tax returns, assisting and reviewing the work of junior team members and working directly with the Manager and Partner to liaise with clients. In return you will gain an above market salary package, autonomy to step up to a senior position in the short term and fantastic staff benefits! It is envisaged that you have: At least 2 to 3 years' experience within Business Services in a Professional Practice Accounting Firm Studying or completed CA (Full support and mentoring naturally offered) Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to communicate with clients at all levels Desire to work both Advisory alongside compliance The desire to progress your career and work within a growing and dynamic organisation! ********************* For more information on this position or other opportunities within professional practice please contact Sean Harper on 0414 974280 or email sean@slomanquane.com.au for a confidential discussion 
Our Client is a mid-tier, boutique accounting and advisory firm offering a full suite of services to their clients within Accounting, Tax and Business Services as well as wealth and financial management and is actively looking to expanding it's market presence. The Role requires the successful applicant to provide high quality results and support the existing team as well as their client base.  The role will be a blend of compliance and advisory services with a strong focus on building client relationships. Key Responsibilities: Assisting in the management, planning, execution and completion assignments of a diverse portfolio of clients, reporting to Managers and/or Partners Assisting with and providing taxation planning, business advice and all compliance requirements for various entities Completing analysis of advisory and compliance engagements including tax returns, activity statements, FBT  Preparation of financial statements, management and annual accounts Identifying potential issues or opportunities within the client base Planning and coordinating work and maintaining strong productivity levels Building and developing relationships with existing and new clients To Be Successful you must demonstrate the following: 2-4 years professional practice experience in a similar role Completed or commenced the CA/CPA Program Excellent verbal and written communication skills A passion for exceptional client service Experience dealing with all tax legislation, Division 7A, tax issues for a rate of business clients Exceptional organisation, time management sills as well great attention to detail If you have have all the necessary skills and experience to succeed in this role, have a strong desire to succeed and interested in taking your career to the next level, please click "Apply" to submit your resume for consideration.   Cara Carrodus CPA (08) 9212 1001 cara.carrodus@rubicor.com.au 
 Permanent opportunity for an experienced Cost Accountant within the manufacturing industry to join a well respected and recognised Australian brand. Reporting into the CFO and providing ongoing support and guidance in order to improve the accuracy of material and operational costs. Client Details Our client is an Australian business that are part of a larger group of companies who are specialists within their field of work. This is a newly created position due to internal promotions and an opportunity to not only use existing cost accounting skills but to develop eventually into a Management Accountant position and lead a team. Description Responsibilities includ but are not limited to: Analyse cost accounting data and assist with cycle count and reconciliation of physical inventories Set up of new raw material, packaging, WIP and FG Items; create and maintain production BOMs; maintain periodic costs rolls/updates Analyse changes in product design, raw materials, manufacturing methods, or services provided, to determine effects on costs. Analyse actual production costs and prepare periodic reports comparing standard costs to actual production costs Ensure validity and accuracy of ERP through analysis, internal audit, and coordination with inventory control, production and work order processing Reconciling and prepare accounts to Trial Balance along with assisting in producing statutory accounts and returns Assist in month-end closing, prepare journal entries as necessary, analyse inventory valuation and inventory roll forward Responding to financial inquiries by gathering and interpreting data Preparing daily/weekly and monthly cash flow statements and controlling expenditure and cash flow Review performance against budgets and prepare variation, control and statistical reports as required Profile The successful candidate will have: Previous cost accounting experience in a manufacturing environment is essential Preferably CA / CPA qualified or close to completion Experience using Pronto Experience in management accounting duties Advanced excel skills, ideally with the ability to create models Job Offer This is an excellent opportunity for a candidate who is looking to use their previous cost accounting experience to move into a an 'all-round' accounting role in the near future with the opportunity to manage a team. To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Natalie Kenworthy on +61 8 9215 9578. 
 The Napranum Aboriginal Shire Council (NASC) is looking for an Accounts Receivable Officer to join our busy Finance team in Napranum. In this role, you will ensure that Council invoices are raised promptly and conduct regular follow up of debtors. Applicants must respond to the selection criteria in the application pack. For details and the application pack, visit www.napranum.qld.gov.au Applications close 26 April 2018 
A dynamic multi-national firm in the mining services industry are seeking an experienced Cost Controller. Due to the continued growth they are now looking to expand their team to assist with the increasing work load. Based in the Eastern suburbs, you will be working in a small team of 4 and reporting in to the Senior Cost Controller. The successful candidate will be hard working and driven with great time management and data entry skills. Responsibilities: Preparing claims and invoicing, Purchase order reconciliations, Ensuring all data entry to meet month end deadlines, Review and allocate costs to jobs/work orders, Ensuring budgets are recorded in jobs and analyse variances against actuals, Manage internal materials purchase ordering, receipts, transfers, usage & write-offs, Reconciliation and understanding of Work in Progress, Liase with the Site Coordinators in relation to budgets and costing, Cost management and administration. Other ad-hoc duties as required. Requirements: 3+ years experience in a similar role, preferably within the mining industry Degree qualified, Part CA/CPA or looking to study, Attention to detail, Strong communication skills, Ability to work in a fast paced environment. 
 The firm This Brisbane southside accounting firm has an excellent, long-established reputation. They have a stable team and offer their employees a very comfortable work environment, work/life balance and free on-site car parking. They pay competitively (in line with CBD firms) and lots of opportunities also exist for career progression.       The work Reporting to one of the firm's partners, you will work on preparing tax returns and financial statements for a broad range of entities before progressing into more of an advisory role later down the track. You can expect to be challenged technically and will work with a fair degree of autonomy, and have client contact.     The benefits Efficient processes and systems - this firm has a very well organised work environment.  Professional and down-to-earth culture Full support for CA/CPA studies (if required)  Free onsite car parking and close to public transport etc. You A minimum of 3 years' experience in Australian Public Practice Accounting firms. Experience in Business Services - preparing tax returns and financial statements for a variety of business entities. Excellent communication skills and the ability to deal effectively with clients. Contact To register your interest in this role, please send your resume to: adrian@bentleyrecruitment.com.au Alternatively, call Adrian on 07 3229 8020 for a confidential discussion. 
 Australia's best reward and recognition program Active social committee Joining one of the most exciting, innovative, career growth focused companies in Australia  The opportunity. This role reports directly into our supportive Accounts Receivable Team Leader. While we work as a team here at Employsure, there are a lot of tasks which will be solely allocated to the Accounting Assistant, so we are looking for someone with a high attention to detail who is self-motivated.  Key accountabilities. Setting up bank details in accounting system and ensuring all contract details are accurate in Salesforce Sales invoicing and raising credit notes Processing daily direct debit collections Daily cash posting to debtors ledger Reconciling debtors ledger accounts Assisting with Housekeeping reports and ensuring all data errors are dealt with in a timely manner Daily review of dishonoured payments, contacting clients to obtain correct bank details and arranging redraws Contacting clients to obtain credit card details and processing credit card payments Processing contract renewals on Salesforce Performing daily bank reconciliations Investigating possible reasons for non-payment by clients Administrative duties within AR and the Credit Control team Ad hoc assistance to AR Team Leader with other tasks and reporting   The right person will have:  good verbal and written communication skills experience with accounting systems excellent attention to detail Salesforce experience is highly desirable the ability to maintain clear and accurate financial records the ability to work independently and as part of a team Tertiary qualifications in Accounts highly regarded  Why join Employsure?  Our vision is to empower every business to succeed by setting solid foundations, starting with fair and safe workplaces. Employsure works directly with employers to ensure they stay on top of rapidly changing legislation. Whether it be dealing with a difficult employee, facing a claim or reviewing health and safety, our clients can rest assured we have them covered.    The opportunities are endless, with an outstanding capacity for earnings. In addition, we offer our employees remarkable benefits. If you are looking for a role that can match your ambitions, we want to hear from you.    Employsure is part of the Peninsula Group and continues to be one of the fastest growing professional services companies in Australia. This is your chance to join an industry leader who prides itself on expertise and innovation at an exciting time in the Australian market. Become a part of our exciting journey. Apply now. 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices.  Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to compliance work at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff that who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels. Who are we looking for? People with experience in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? Work in one of our Compliance teams. The senior roles (APS 5 and APS6) will usually work as team leaders where the more junior roles (APS 3 and APS 4) will form the core of our teams. you will work in one of the sections listed here: Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program. Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You enjoy working as part of a team and the more senior roles need people who have experience leading teams You have some  understanding and experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have an understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You have good judgement to contribute to decision making, and can seek assistance when it is needed. What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3 “ APS6 “ range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health   Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
Our client is a junior explorer working toward commencement of its mining operations globally. Located in the CBD this rapidly growing firm are looking for a Financial Accountant to support the Financial Controller and the CFO. The ideal candidate will be Part CA or newly qualified CA with mining industry experience, Big 4 and Mid-Tier First Movers are encouraged to apply! Responsibilities:   Assist in the preparation of annual and half yearly statutory financial reports, Financial reporting for senior management, Assist preparation of tax requirements, Assist in the preparation annual budgeting and forecasting, Assist in implementing new reporting and process improvement systems, Responsible for the Group Fixed Asset Register, Lodge payroll tax & BAS returns monthly, Month end reporting including accruals & journals, Bank reconciliations, Assisting with the half and full year audits.   Requirements: Degree qualified CPA/CA qualified or working towards, 3 to 5 years post graduate experience, Although not essential, applicants who have worked in top/second tier accounting firms will be highly regarded. 
 The Company Our client is a Boutique practice that provides a broad range of accountancy services to a wide selection of clients ranging from SME's to large companies and High net wealth individuals.  The Opportunity This highly reputable accounting practice is seeking a motivated Junior or Intermediate Accountant with a passion for business services and taxation. You will continue to gain experience in Business Services and Taxation while being trusted with more client exposure, complex and challenging work. Joining a supportive and collaborative team your key responsibilities will include: Client consultations Preparing financial statements for all entities including companies, partnerships, trusts, and superannuation funds Preparing tax returns for the above entities as well as individuals Preparing and lodging Business Activity Statements and Instalment Activity Statements Fostering key relationships to develop clients and Business for the firm Assisting your portfolio of clients with their accounting requirements Providing technical advice and adding value to your client portfolio Taxation advice    About You Minimum of 2 years local experience as a Business Services Accountant  Have commenced or about to commence CA/CPA  Driven to succeed, motivated A positive attitude and a great willingness to learn A team player    What's on Offer Supportive Partners, and a great team environment A growing firm where you will develop and progress in your career Training and development such as tax banter & other training seminars Plenty of Client Interaction!! CA / CPA Mentorship and supprt Quarterly social events Friday night drinks   This company truly looks after their staff! They have a very close knit team and they strongly believe in investing in their staff which is evident in their low staff turnover! This is an amazing opportunity for an junior or Intermediate accountant to take the next step in their career!    How to Apply To apply for this role, please submit your resume below through the APPLY button below. Alternatively, you can call Sarah Murch on (03) 9077 7491. All communication will be strictly confidential. 
 Who are we? The Toll Group is the Asian region's leading provider of integrated logistics services, generating annual revenue of AU$8.3 billion and employing over 40,000 people across an extensive network of 1,200 sites throughout more than 50 countries across the world. We're committed to providing a safe, diverse, satisfying and fulfilling workplace for all of our people. We value integrity, trust, teamwork and being open and transparent. The opportunity? As part of Toll Group's new growth strategy, we are currently seeking a Financial Accountant to join our finance function. The main focus of the role is to provide general accounting services to Toll Group Businesses. Key accountabilities and responsibilities will include, but not be limited to: Support the Senior Financial Accountant in management and strategic decision-making, with a particular focus on the development of the Financial Accounting function. Undertake weekly and monthly reporting processes including the preparation of journal entries. Reconciliation of financial and management accounts. Preparation and review of relevant tax schedules and returns. Liaise with internal and external auditors, ensuring compliance and audit commitments are met. Develop and maintain the technical skills and capabilities necessary to meet business requirements. Support the Senior Financial Accountant in overseeing statutory compliance across business functions. The ideal candidate? As the successful candidate you will have: Tertiary qualifications in an accounting or business degree. CA / CPA qualified or be part way through with aspirations to complete your CA/CPA. Proven experience in financial and management accounting. Strong commercial acumen. You will possess superior negotiation and influencing skills, excellent communication and interpersonal skills with a strong stakeholder management focus. High attention to detail and accurate reconciliation skills are essential. Successful track record of meeting and exceeding targets. In return, you will be rewarded with an inclusive and dynamic team environment, a passionate company culture and the opportunity to be an integral part of Toll's new direction. We will not be liable for any fees or costs associated with unsolicited CVs sent directly to line managers from recruitment agencies. 
 Jurox is a 100% Australian owned Animal Health Company based at Rutherford in the Hunter Valley, NSW.  Our products are sold to veterinarians, consumers and rural merchandise outlets in Australia, New Zealand, Asia, Europe and North America.   Cost Accountant We are seeking a qualified and experienced Cost Accountant to join our administration and accounting department, reporting to the Administration and Accounting Manager.  Working within a manufacturing and distribution environment, this position will provide timely and accurate product costings, report and analyse cost variances and maintain the integrity of the Company's stock assets. This role is a permanent role, based at our head office in Rutherford, in the Hunter Valley. Job Description Coordinate inventory cycle counts and investigate and resolve cycle count variances Report on inventory levels, slow moving and obsolete Maintain stock cost accuracy Determining and maintaining product costing for new and existing products BOM creation and maintaining BOM accuracy Maintain work centre costings Review, investigate and report on standard vs actual cost variance Regularly analyse changes in product design, materials or manufacturing methods to determine effect on cost Assist in budget development and month end reporting Skills and Experience: Business or Accounting Degree CA/CPA qualifications Minimum 5 years experience in cost accounting disciplines within a manufacturing environment. Experience in initiating and conducting stock takes Proactive and flexible approach with strong communication skills Experience with ERP systems, Epicor preferred Adherence to safety requirements Your Application If your experience, skills and educational qualifications fits this profile, please submit your CV and cover letter quoting position number KC18008. Further information about Jurox can be found on the website: www.jurox.com.au RECRUITMENT AGENCIES NEED NOT APPLY Only those with the right to work in Australia need apply 
This role presents as an exciting career opportunity for an ambitious and proactive Business Services Manager within a great Mid Tier National Chartered Firm !    This highly successful, creditable and "modern" Accounting Firm has an outstanding reputation within the local market place. It continues to enjoy remarkable growth and profitability throughout all the practice areas (Business Advisory, Audit, Corporate Finance, Tax Consulting, Virtual CFO and Superannuation). All the Partners have the same exciting and realistic future plans for the Firm.    It is very well respected by its peers, clients and external stakeholders for the quality and loyalty of its staff and proactive business advice and solutions that it provides. The Firm works very closely with some of Australia's most innovative and wealthiest SME's and Super HNW Families. These companies have t/o of up to $200mill. The work environment is team oriented, stimulating and enjoyable. They pride themselves in the "open and positive" work environment within the Firm. The client portfolio is diverse and interesting including Entertainment, Education, Health, Technology, Property, Professional Services, Retail and Trading. Your role will work closely with a highly engaging and motivated Partner and will include the full management of a significant part of their quality client portfolio. They will also nurture and assist you in building and growing your clients; you will manage and mentor a good team and provide a comprehensive Business Advisory and Tax services (both compliance and advisory). Your role will be highly interactive amongst your clients. You will be CA/CPA qualified, and have at least 5-8years good quality Business Services & Tax experience in a local Chartered Accounting firm. This is a great opportunity to be part of a growing Firm which has attracted some great new clients; be mentored by a highly pragmatic Partner; learn business development skills and be heavily involved in a broad range of Compliance and Business/Tax Advisory work. With a confident, social and highly motivated character you will be seeking a fresh career opportunity to fulfill your career ambitions and technical development. Strong communication, leadership and interpersonal skills are essential. In return the Firm will offer you an exciting career, a strong Team based environment, as well as exposure to range of clients and sometimes complex Business/Financial matters. The Firm provides employees with great training and an enviable positive work environment.      Please contact Graham Hollebon on (02) 8243 1311 or 0414 819 360 (ANYTIME) for further information.     With over 20 years experience within Professional Services Recruitment, Graham provides practical advice on your career management and a highly ethical, proactive and consultative approach to your next career move.    For more opportunities please go to www.axr.com.au    SK91504A 
 This Pharmaceutical Company has an exciting opportunity for an Assistant Accountant to join their team. Your new company This Pharmaceutical Company has an exciting opportunity for an Assistant Accountant to join their finance team. This business is a market leader in their field. With an office based close to the CBD and a collaborative team and culture. Your new role This role is primarily responsible for assisting the Financial Accounting Manager in the financial reporting processes including Accounts Payable Accounts Receivable, Reconciliations, Monthly reporting packages Liaising with internal and external stakeholders. What you'll need to succeed To be successful for this you will be at least Part CA/CPA qualified, Strong computer literacy skills The ability to work unsupervised Strong problem solving skills. Have effective written and communication skills Knowledge of finance systems. You'll utilise your extensive experience and excellent communication skills to communicate confidently with key stakeholders across the business and take a hands on approach to your daily tasks. What you'll get in return An opportunity to work in a creative sector with a competitive salary package. The role represents an opportunity to drive your career forward by exposing you to many facets of Financial and Management Accounting. What you need to do now If you would like to apply for this role, please click apply or contact Jason Cooper on 02 9280 3577 for further information or email Jason.Cooper@hays.com.au. If this role isn't exactly what you are looking for but you are looking for other opportunities in Accountancy & Finance then please contact me for a confidential conversation. 
 Join an industry leading organisation as part of an innovative and collaborative team. As the Billings Officer you will be responsible for all aspects of billings and licence admin in a high volume environment. This maternity leave contract will provide you with the opportunity to work within a small team, reporting into the Billings Manager. Key Responsibilities As the Billings Officer you will be responsible for providing support in all aspects of Billing. Reviewin documents for completion and accuracy prior to entry into JDE. Process and ensure all revenue related activities are completed. Forecast, manage and report on workflow planning, issues identification and the development of corrective action plans to meet revenue driven activities. Manage the swift and timely resolution of issues reported by internal and external customers. Adhere to Compliance requirements. Key Requirements High level of attention to detail and intensive data entry experience. Demonstrated ability to deliver exceptional customer service to internal and external clients. Minimum 2 years experience in a high volume billings environment is essential. Demonstrated ability to use JDE or similar sized ERP. Great opportunity to increase your skill set in a technical and high pressure environment as a Billings Officer. Accessible via public transport. To apply please click apply or call Renee Steedman on 02 8423 1016 for a confidential discussion. 
 ICC Sydney is a $1.5 billion development that has transformed the Darling Harbour precinct. The project delivered 35,000sqm of internal exhibition space, the largest commercial kitchen in the southern hemisphere, Australia's largest ballroom, an open air event deck, and an 8000 seat entertainment theatre. We are currently looking to recruit an Accounts Receivable Assistant to play a vital role in our Finance Team. This role is responsible for assisting with the daily operations and strategic objectives of all the Company's receivable functions through the implementation and maintenance of business functions and procedures of Accounts Receivable. Responsibilities; Process customer billing and cash receipts. Proper recording and application of cash, management of outstanding invoices, and direct interfacing with customers on collection matters and dispute resolution. Providing timely and accurate payment and account standing information. Update receivables by coordinating and monitoring daily sales order processing and bank remittance transactions. Maintain the accounts receivable sub-ledger. Maintain financial security by adhering to internal accounting controls. The successful candidate will have; A Diploma or Bachelor qualification in accounting or business discipline Demonstrated knowledge and understanding of proper accounting treatment for accounts receivable transactions and activities Recent experience in a similar accounting role and proven experience with accounts receivable software applications Excellent communication and analytical skills Please Note; relevant screening checks will be conducted as part of the recruitment process. These include National Criminal Records and National Police Background Checks, Proof of Identity that meets the 100-point check and may include Working with Children background checks. Shortlisted candidates may also be required to pass a physical assessment as part of the recruitment process. 
 Multinational company Sydney CBD $110k + Super (Contract) This global professional services business is at the cutting edge of the market and has a broad range of products and services combined with an innovative and customer focused approach. They are currently going through an exciting period of growth, both through internal development and external acquisition, and are looking for a strong Senior Financial Accountant to join their high performing team. Key duties will include: Preparation of month end accounts Tax compliance - BAS, FBT and income tax Preparation of annual statutory accounts Reconciliations Preparation of annual budget Cash flow analysis Assistance in overseeing external audit process Process improvements and recommendations To be considered for this role you will be CA/CPA qualified and have a minimum of 5-7 years experience in either chartered or a multinational company (or a mix of both). You must have strong technical skills, an eye for detail and be an effective communicator. On offer: Work/life balance Ability to influence and make your mark on the business Brilliant manager/mentor Dynamic, fun team environment Amazing offices Interested? To apply for this role, please apply to this ad or email your resume to ben.wahl@lawsonelliott.com.au quoting reference WB4896. 
 Our mission to be the leading accounting firm servicing the middle market has not changed despite our outstanding growth and success. We know our people are what makes us successful, and this is why we provide a flexible and supportive environment that enables our staff to perform at their very best. Your new role The Business Recovery and Insolvency team administers various forms of personal and corporate insolvency matters as well as advising clients about insolvency risks to their businesses. You will provide specialised administration support to the team by preparing various statutory documents as well as processing various transactions on a daily basis. This is a varied role, responsibilities will include; Recording and processing of receipts and payments in CORE/IPS Checking figures and reporting for accuracy Conducting investigative searches for the Insolvency team Liaising with various industry stakeholders including ASIC, AFSA, ATO and Banks BAS statement preparation and lodgement Preparation and lodgement of statutory documents with ASIC, AFSA and the ATO Creation and maintenance of client files on APS and CORE/IPS Monthly bank reconciliations Preparation of internal reports Providing general administrative assistance to the insolvency team. What you bring To be successful in this role you must either have high volume accounts payable and/or accounts receivable experience in a large complex organisation or have previously worked in an insolvency environment. Your will be system savvy (ideally using CORE/MYOB) and able to demonstrate strong attention to detail, analytical and problem solving abilities, together with exceptional organisational and communication skills. You will be results driven and capable of managing multiple tasks to tight deadlines. You will enjoy sharing knowledge, working within a team environment and taking ownership of your work. What we bring At Pitcher Partners, we have a culture of achieving great things for our clients and caring for our people. Our firm is the kind of place where you make lifelong friendships and this sense of belonging resonates throughout our firm and provides a strong point of difference from our many competitors. As a leading professional services firm in the middle market, our remuneration is on point for the candidate market we're targeting. Our environment offers flexibility to suit your individual needs and we encourage you to develop and maintain a balanced lifestyle as we recognise that healthy, happy and engaged staff work better and smarter. Applications will be reviewed prior to the closing date so don't delay in clicking on the ˜Apply' button.   
 Senior accounting role working for a Chartered Accountant with over 30 years experience. Great opportunity! Your new company This motivated and close knit accounting firm, located in Melbourne's CBD, is currently looking for a business advisory accountant who is looking to take the next step. This firm offers a diverse client base, with a strong focus on internal training. Your new role This role is an excellent opportunity for a motivated senior accountant, looking to work alongside highly qualified co-workers, while further developing their technical skill set. Your role will include working with a diverse range of clients, including but not limited to, high net worth individuals, banking and mining clients. Working underneath a Chartered Accountant with over 30 years' experience, your role will provide you will plenty of room to grow. What you'll need to succeed The role will include duties such as however not limit to: You will be CA/CPA qualified At least 5 years' experience working in an Australian chartered accounting firm Preparation of financial statements, income tax returns, BAS and other related documents Good time management and organisational skills, and an attention to detail. Effectively complete company and client assignments What you'll get in return In return you will receive a competitive remuneration package, ongoing training and development from your firm, and the opportunity to take the next step in your career. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Tom Miles on 96049517 now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 About the business Mr Drains Plumbing was first established in 1988. We are an Australian owned Christian business based in Belrose.  About the role The successful candidate will be an experienced accountant/bookkeeper with at least 4 years experience in hands on accounting roles for SME's.  Formal accounting training is essential. Benefits and perks 4 Weeks Holiday 2 Weeks Carers/SIck Leave Public Holidays Superannuation on top of salary Skills and experience Reporting to the Company Accountant and the CEO. Your duties will include: Accounts data entry MYOB Premier; All general ledger reconciliations; Maintenance of the general ledger; Preparation of monthly management reporting including internal divisional reporting; Project management cost accounting and review; Assisting with statutory accounting including tax returns, BAS and FBT; End to end payroll, including superannuation and PAYG; Cash flow management and forecasting; Variance and anomalies analysis; Implementation and continue development of accounting policies and procedures; Day to day banking requirements and internet banking management; Liaising with an external Chartered Accountant. The successful candidate will be an experienced accountant/bookkeeper with at least 4 years experience in hands on accounting roles for SME's.  Formal accounting training is essential. Strong communication skills, both written and spoken, are essential due to the high level of liaison in this role.  Strong MS Excel skills and experience using MYOB are mandatory. Please send your cover letter and resume to bill2601@gmail.com Due to the high volume of applications, only short listed candidates will be contacted. No agencies please. 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices.  Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to compliance work at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff that who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels. Who are we looking for? People with experience in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? Work in one of our Compliance teams. The senior roles (APS 5 and APS6) will usually work as team leaders where the more junior roles (APS 3 and APS 4) will form the core of our teams. you will work in one of the sections listed here: Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program. Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You enjoy working as part of a team and the more senior roles need people who have experience leading teams You have some  understanding and experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have an understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You have good judgement to contribute to decision making, and can seek assistance when it is needed. What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3 “ APS6 “ range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health   Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Senior Accountant  $100k - $120k package Contract to perm role  This successful ASX listed retail business is on a steep growth curve and is a highly regarded employer in Sydney. They offer a great and rewarding work environment with strong development opportuniites.    Due to an internal move, they have a great opportunity for a talented Senior Accountant to join the team. Reporting to the Financial Controller you will have responsibilities including: Assistance in the preparation of half-year and annual reports Preparation of ASX disclosures Financial statement preparation and consolidation Review of accounting standards and policies Review of monthly management reports Assistance in the preparation of monthly financial reports, analysis and commentary  Provide advice on accounting treatments of significant transactions To be considered for this great opportunity, you will be recently CA/CPA qualified and have experience from chartered or a listed entity. Excellent communication skills, high attention to detail and a positive, motivated attitude are all key traits.  Interested? Apply via Seek or email your resume in word format to nick.vlotman@lawsonelliott.com.au quoting reference NV4896. 
 We are a small architectural office that is looking for an all-rounder to provide office support and bookkeeping services on a part-time basis.  Days and hours are negotiable to suit a work/life balance. The practice prides itself on providing a superior level of design response, design function and documentation, translating to an efficient, cost effective building process and product fulfilling the expectations of our clients. With a mix of traditional and contemporary forms, we seek to combine solid conventional materials with leading-edge products to deliver a solution that meets our clients' specific needs and a building that stands the test of time. The position will require the successful candidate to perform the following duties: Bookkeeping -  End to end management of accounts payable, accounts receivable and general ledger. -  Payroll (including weekly/fortnightly payroll and superannuation processing). -  Banking and bank reconciliations, petty cash ledger/reconciliation. -  Issue invoices to clients. - Monthly payment of PAYG, superannuation contributions and quarterly payment of BAS. -   Keeping records of staff, ie. salary information (increases, superannuation increases, annual leave, sick leave, etc.). -  Preparation of annual PAYG summaries and remittance to ATO. -  Preparation of all end of financial year reporting for the external Accountant. Office Support General administration duties including answering telephones, typing (including specification/tender documents), opening and distribution of mail, outgoing mail, monitoring and ordering of stationery, consumables, etc., general office duties including email/internet, filing, copying, etc. To be successful you will: -  Possess sound knowledge of MS Office applications including outlook and excel. -  Be proficient in all aspects of MYOB including payroll. -  Demonstrate experience assisting small businesses with all aspects of bookkeeping. -  Have excellent attention to detail and strong communication and interpersonal skills. -  Have excellent time management skills and the ability to prioritise. -  Be able to work independently as well as within a team. -  Enjoy a varied role in a small office environment. Remuneration will be negotiated based on days/hours worked per week. If this role is of interest to you and you are available for an immediate start, please apply via SEEK. Due to the number of applications received, only candidates that proceed to an interview will be contacted.   
 This global IT consultancy company specialises in working with clients all over the world to build great software and leap ahead of, or even redirect, their market. The organisation is driven to deliver agile software development to address their clients' toughest challenges, all while seeking to revolutionise the IT industry and create positive social change. In addition to revolutionising the IT industry, the company is also proud to transform their staff. Their people are the driving force behind everything they do and one of their key themes is for staff to continually learn, grow and thrive. Finance is no exception, acting as a partner to the business providing high quality financial information for decision making. Based in our Sydney office and reporting to the Finance Director you will have full responsibility for preparing accurate and timely financial, management and statutory reporting including providing analysis, insights and commentary on these reports. Key Responsibilities: Review of outputs from shared service team in China (month end journals, balance sheet reconciliations, AP & AR, BAS submissions); Preparation of monthly management accounts and reporting deck including analysis of key variances and commentary for submission to Australia Leadership team. Corporate reporting and variance analysis. Preparation of monthly functional spend reporting and Investment analysis. Cash flow forecasting. Management of CAPEX. Preparation of Annual Statutory accounts including disclosures and working Ownership of the relationship with Auditors and other advisors including responsibility for managing audits; Preparation of Annual corporate tax returns and other tax compliance including FBT, payroll tax, WorkCover and PAYG. Provide support and advice on accounting and tax treatment of work in locations outside Australia. Review of accounting standards, policies and procedures. Financial support to a number of global efficiency projects. Key Requirements: CA/CPA Qualified. 4 - 5 years accounting experience within the software and technology space A desire to progress quickly in a large and fast growing business. Advanced Excel skills. Must have the ability to concisely communicate financial information to a broad audience including senior and non-financial colleagues. Excellent Written and verbal communication skills. Be process-driven ensuring financial and operational controls are followed. Have a strong work ethic and desire to help drive efficiencies and improvements in reporting and analysis. This is a great opportunity to develop and fast track your career whilst the company is in an exciting growth phase. The company offers a collaborative work environment where you are empowered and will be recognised for your contribution. To apply please click apply or call Greg Reynolds on 02 8289 3103 for a confidential discussion. 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices.  Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to compliance work at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff that who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels. Who are we looking for? People with experience in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? Work in one of our Compliance teams. The senior roles (APS 5 and APS6) will usually work as team leaders where the more junior roles (APS 3 and APS 4) will form the core of our teams. you will work in one of the sections listed here: Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program. Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You enjoy working as part of a team and the more senior roles need people who have experience leading teams You have some  understanding and experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have an understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You have good judgement to contribute to decision making, and can seek assistance when it is needed. What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3 “ APS6 “ range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health   Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 About the business and the role Our client offers a friendly support environment where you will be supported by a friendly finance team. This position  will be assisting the accounts payable team Job tasks and responsibilities This is a hands on role and you will be reporting to the Accounts Payable Supervisor. You duties will include but not be limited to: Processing a high volume of invoices Coding the invoices to the general ledger in accordance with the different projects Reconciliations of supplier statements to invoices Payments Ad hoc duties as required Skills and experience To be successful for this assignment, you will need Previous experience in a similar role Ability to work well within a team Can do attitude and the ability to work in a high pressure environment. 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices.  Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to compliance work at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff that who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels. Who are we looking for? People with experience in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? Work in one of our Compliance teams. The senior roles (APS 5 and APS6) will usually work as team leaders where the more junior roles (APS 3 and APS 4) will form the core of our teams. you will work in one of the sections listed here: Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program. Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You enjoy working as part of a team and the more senior roles need people who have experience leading teams You have some  understanding and experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have an understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You have good judgement to contribute to decision making, and can seek assistance when it is needed. What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3 “ APS6 “ range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health   Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 JOB REF:K308378 Are you customer focused and have excellent negotiation skills? Do you have high attention to detail, are savvy with numbers and enjoy customer engagement? Drive our One Team culture with a focus on vision and values Flexible working arrangements will be considered for this opportunity Kleenheat provides better value energy solutions to homes and businesses across Western Australia and the Northern Territory.   Our mission is to be the local energy provider of choice by delivering safe and reliable products, helpful customer service and ongoing community support.  Our success is driven by our people, so joining Kleenheat means you'll have opportunities to grow your career in a collaborative culture where your voice is heard and your contribution valued. About the role Right now we're on the lookout for a Consumer Credit Officer to support our Commercial and Credit Team at our Murdoch office. As the newest member of the Kleenheat team, you'll report to our Consumer Credit Team Leader and be responsible for providing excellent customer service and, professional and accurate credit services to customers and internal teams. This will include: Provide exceptional customer service, and assist customers experiencing financial hardship and payment difficulties. Make outbound telephone calls for debt collection, receive enquiries that relate to customers' accounts, negotiating payment arrangements and maintaining customer accounts. Work as part of a team to achieve objectives and efficiency projects, and support a positive and inclusive culture. Liaise with suppliers, community organisations and other Kleenheat teams to source information and resolve issues to achieve first point of contact resolution whenever possible. To excel in the role you'll need the right mix of skills and experience, which for this position means: Exceptional customer service skills with proven ability to provide resolutions for complex matters that consider both customer experience and commercial risk. Demonstrated experience in a similar role in Credit Management / Accounts Receivable / Customer Services function; experience in utilities would be preferable. Intermediate skills in Microsoft Office and mid-tier ERP. Ability to prioritise and challenge the status quo. A results focused team player, promoting and living to Kleenheat's Vison and Values.  We welcome people with different skills, and life experiences and encourage individuals from diverse backgrounds to apply.  We pride ourselves on developing and supporting people and recognise the importance of flexibility. When you apply, please let us know if you are seeking a flexible employment arrangement.  Applications close 5pm Friday, 27 April 2018. 
 Our client is an ASX Top 100 who provide products to a broad range of customers / consumers across Australia. The business has a wonderful rich history and modern day values that encourage collaboration and success. Reporting to a Divisional Commercial Director, this is a varied role that will submerge its tentacles into all areas of the business. Paramount to the role will be to provide due diligence for all M&A activity all the way from identifying opportunities through to integration. An proven practical understanding of buy / sell side analyst activity will be highly as will someone who has strong analytical and modelling skills. It is expected the prospective person to succeed in this position will be CA qualified and perhaps be looking for a first or second step within commerce. Those who have come from a Transactional Services Big 4 environment are especially encouraged reach out with expressions of interest. Advanced modelling skills are expected as is someone who is comfortable communicating with C suite executives. A career awaits as internal promotion is the businesses first choice when recruiting. To apply, please click on the link below and we will contact you shortly. Follow West Recruitment on LinkedIn to receive the latest industry news and job updates at http://www.linkedin.com/company/west-recruitment-consulting Please submit your resume in Word format only. 
 Forward thinking firm, looking for an energetic intermediate to join their supportive & well established team. Your new company This well-established boutique firm offers the perfect balance of managers, seniors, intermediates and a practice manager. This professional and supportive boutique offers great team culture, with a solid focus on training and development. This firm provides its clients with a lot of value add virtual CFO services. Your new role The role will include duties such as however not limit to: Preparation of income tax returns Fringe benefits tax returns Tax advice Tax planning Preparation of financial statements Ensuring financial records are in order Liaising with the ATO What you'll need to succeed Successful accountants at this firm offer a lot of energy, with a strong desire to learn and progress their career. You will be required to have at least 3 years' experience, as well as being CPA/CA qualified or working towards completion. Effective time management is essential, as well as strong communication and computer literacy skills. What you'll get in return In return, you will receive competitive remuneration in a well-established firm. You will receive excellent training and development, with an opportunity for career progression. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Tom Miles 96049517 now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Permanent Full Time; Christian Not for Profit Organisation; Newly Created Position Established in 1938, Fresh Hope Care, an Agency of Fresh Hope (Churches of Christ in NSW), is a not-for-profit Christian organisation providing Aged Care throughout metropolitan and regional NSW. Services include a range of Home Care services designed to give elderly people the support they need to stay in their own home safely and securely for as long as possible, Retirement Living Villages and Residential Care Services. For more information please visit www.freshhopecare.org.au. Your new role as Billing Officer is a pivotal part of the Support Services Fresh Hope Care team.  Reporting to the General Manager of Home Care, you will be responsible for providing Billing and Statement administrative assistance to Fresh Hope Care, Home Care services. You will provide support in the areas of billing and account functions and financial reconciliation of Home Care invoices.   Your main responsibilities will include: Ensuring compliance of Home Care Package (HCP) budgets and consumer statements; Producing HCP consumer statements; Providing reconciliation of consumer related invoices and re-charges to Home Care Package budgets; Assisting with Medicare payment summary reconciliation; Assisting with billing functions for credits and reversals of consumer expenses against funding; Administration of departure and transfer of Home Care consumer package funding;  Reconciliation of Home Care invoices against incurred expenses; Reconciliation of Medicare Payment summaries; Providing support to Managers and Business Support Officers with the data entry of invoices and documentation related to consumer expenses; General billing cycle assistance for Home Care service streams; Other duties as required by the General Manager Home Care, including assisting with general administration tasks including making phone calls, faxing, scanning.   To be successful in your new role you will need to demonstrate: Demonstrated experience in a similar administrative and business support role. Understanding and application of Department of Human Service requirements, pensioner entitlements, Income tested Fees and Financial Hardship. Ability to operate Windows applications at an intermediate level, including the following applications: Word, Access, PowerPoint, Outlook, Excel and Invitbox (or similar). Demonstrated highly developed communication skills with the ability to build rapport, and to communicate effectively with internal and external stakeholder at various levels and positions in the organisation. Strong attention to detail. Current Criminal History Check (within the last 3 years) suitable for aged care or willingness to undertake one.   Remuneration is based on the current Enterprise Agreement. As an additional benefit there is a tax-free component of your remuneration available under the Public Benevolent Institution. A current Criminal History Check (within the last three years) suitable for aged care is essential. To apply online please click the ˜Apply Now' button. Alternatively, for more information please contact the Human Resources Department on the 8719 2600 or on  hr@freshhope.org.au Applications Close: Friday 27th April 2018, close of business 
 Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices.  Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  We are looking for junior staff who may be newer to compliance work at the APS 3 and APS 4 levels as well as more experienced staff that who can begin to take up team leadership roles at the APS 5 and APS 6 levels. Who are we looking for? People with experience in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? Work in one of our Compliance teams. The senior roles (APS 5 and APS6) will usually work as team leaders where the more junior roles (APS 3 and APS 4) will form the core of our teams. you will work in one of the sections listed here: Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program. Who are you? You like working with people and have good written and oral communication skills.  You enjoy working as part of a team and the more senior roles need people who have experience leading teams You have some  understanding and experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have an understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You have good judgement to contribute to decision making, and can seek assistance when it is needed. What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary APS3 “ APS6 “ range $60,161-$92,265 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health   Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Are you currently working as an analyst and looking for an opportunity to work in a large corporate? Do you enjoy business partnering and want to work in a role where you can directly impact business performance? Do you have strong technical skills and experience working with SQL? If this sounds like you, then keep reading.... About the Company With a focus on delivering world class product and service, this global leader has positioned themselves at the forefront of their industry. By providing an enterprising and rewarding environment they have developed a team of respected professionals who are passionate about what they do. They are currently looking for an experienced and motivated individual with solid technical skills, exceptional commercial acumen to join their team for a 12-month fixed term contract. About the Role Reporting to both the commercial leader, this role will see you perform monthly financial and management reporting for various businesses within this division including working on budgeting and forecasting. The ability to add value exists through the interpretation and analysis of the monthly results and communicating this to the operational managers. You will also be involved in reviewing business improvements, and get the opportunity to work on exciting projects as they arise. About You To be considered for the role you will be degree qualified and studying towards CPA/CA qualifications and ready to take your existing commercial Assistant Accountant or commercial analyst experience to the next level. Strong communication skills both written and verbal are essential as the ability to liaise at all levels across the business will be part of your day to day duties. You will also have advanced excel skills and be comfrotable using SQL and PowerBi. The Benefits Exposure to an iconic, ASX listed business Innovative and progressive culture Hard working and rewarding environment Exciting industry related benefits in addition to ongoing study support Social and dynamic culture To apply, click the link and upload your current resume in word format. If you would like to have a confidential discussion, please contact Jordan Gailey on 07 3023 1028 or Rebecca Willis on 07 3023 1008, quoting ref no. JO-1803-88190. Want to know more about Davidson? Visit us at www.davidsonwp.com 
 A strategic procurement and finance professional to review policies, provide advice & financial reporting. Your new company This large government funded organisation provides vital research and tourism facilities for North Queensland. Although they operate as a government based organisation, they are a national leader and highly reputable company within the commercial market. Your new role Reporting to the Director of Finance you will be assisting with the development and implementation of procurement policies, strategic planning and providing contract and finance advice to staff. Your duties may include monitoring and reviewing compliance against legislation, financial reporting and managing complex procurement and contract agreements. What you'll need to succeed To be successful for this position you will have experience in providing procurement advice and assessment of internal financial controls. You will also ideally have the following; Cert IV Government Procurement and Contracting Experience in stakeholder engagement and relationship management An understanding of government policies and frameworks People leadership skills What you'll get in return You will work on a temporary basis for full time hours Monday-Friday until approximately the end of July 2018 and at a competitive hourly rate. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV. For more information please contact Georgina Morey, recruitment expert in Senior Finance and Procurement on 47715100 or email georgina.morey@hays.com.au. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 About the role Our client based in the CBD is looking for an energetic Accounts Payable Officer to join their accounts team on a full time basis. The role will involve full function Accounts Payable duties on a daily basis. The Responsibilities Matching, batching and coding a high volume of invoices Preparation, allocation of costs to correct G/L accounts, and payment of weekly bills Reconciliation of bank and supplier reconciliations Contribute accounts payable information to other departments upon request Coordinate the accounts payable system, including vendor details, record of payments and filing systems The successful applicant will have 2+ years' experience within Accounts Payable Previous experience with a large ERP system, Oracle would be preferred. Experience with foreign currency Excellent verbal and written communication skills Proficiency in Excel  Additional benefits Generous package Working with a multinational company Close to public transport About the company Our client is large multi national retail company looking to expand their accounts due to a transition in their organisation. Sitting as part of a larger shared services team, this role will suit someone who has worked in an environment processing high volume invoices. Culture Employees enjoy working in this team because of the support, and development offered by the company and peers. In addition, the team enjoy's a social and relaxed atmosphere. To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Niall via email at nhoolahan@sharpandcarter.com.au 
 Want to be a leader and be part of a bigger team that makes sure Australia's health system is world class, affordable and accessible? Keep reading. Today we have around 250 people who work to help make sure Medicare and the PBS is used well.  By July this year we will increase to around 400 people. We now need some help “ experienced professionals who can help us ensure compliance and adherence with government legislation and regulations across health professionals in Australia. Who are we? The Commonwealth Health Department, Provider Benefits Integrity Division is responsible for identifying, investigating and treating incorrect claiming, inappropriate practices and fraud. We use a range of tools and approaches including; Data analytics Behavioural economics Targeted campaigns Investigations Audit, and Professional review Key elements of our work include conducting targeted interventions, undertaking analysis and auditing of health providers' billings and practices. Our activities are informed by comprehensive compliance strategies, advanced data analytics and insights from behavioural economics. Preparation of complex and/or sensitive correspondence and corporate documentation, reports, submissions, proposal papers and notes are critical to the success of our work. Our compliance teams work in the areas of Targeted Campaigns, Audit, Professional Review and Data Integrity and Quality.  Who are we looking for? People with extensive experience and leadership roles in areas such as audit, fraud, data integrity and quality as well as business improvement. What will you do? You will lead a team in one of the Compliance Sections; Targeted Campaigns Audit Professional Review Pathology Rents Quality These sections undertake a wide range of work including: Working with stakeholders to encourage voluntary acknowledgment of incorrect billing and seek repayments; Conducting analysis and audit of suspected high value claiming which does not meet legal requirements (incorrect claiming). Where an audit identifies incorrect claiming, the Audit Section will raise debts for any incorrect amounts; Review health practitioners (GP's, Specialists, and Allied Health Professionals) who may have engaged in possible inappropriate practice and where appropriate refer practitioners of concern to the Director of Professional Services Review; Undertaking targeted reviews and regular monthly quality checks of data integrity and decision making, surveying providers who have been audited, and implementing a continuous business improvement program; You will influence and develop strategy, policies, priorities and practices relating to the health provider compliance program. Who are you? You are a strong leader and manager, understand people and have well developed written and oral communication skills.  You have a sound understanding and extensive experience in the areas of audit, fraud, entity analysis or quality management You can ensure compliance work is conducted in a timely manner, and to high standards. You have a sound understanding of Australian Government health benefits programs and their governing legislation You will be comfortable and experienced exercising a considerable degree of independence with decision making substantially dependent on your high level judgement What you need to know Positions are based in Canberra, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth or Adelaide Offices Travel within Australia may be required Security clearance - Hold or be able to attain Baseline Security clearance Applicants must be an Australian Citizen Salary EL1 “ range $100,502-$114,624 For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of Health Applications close Sunday 29 April 2018, 11:30pm AEST 
 Accounts Receivable Officer “ Permanent Appointment Our client has been established for 45 years and is a leading distributor in the organic, natural and health product market. They are looking for an experienced Accounts Receivable Officer with a can-do attitude. Reporting to the Chief Financial Officer, the main responsibilities for the successful candidate would be: Collection of payment in a timely and accurate manner Maintain a database of over 900 customers Process customer credit notes Liaise with customers to resolve any disputes Process customer rebates and applying settlement discounts Preparing weekly reports Review customer credit limits Issue customer statements   Ideally applicants will be self-motivated, cooperative and works well in a team environment. A strong attention to detail and good communication skills are essential. Previous experience with Sage and Excel would be preferred and tertiary studies in accounting would be advantageous.       
 Financial Legislation and Policy Officer (AO6 to A07 Level) Our valued Government Client has a diverse set of responsibilities, and a common purpose of creating better service for Queenslanders. This Government Client is responsible for the overall management of the public health system in Queensland, and is a strong believer in the need to work with people that value the goals of this organization and who will thrive in this workplace. We are looking for a CA or CPA with previous Governement experience (although not essentially required) who is ready to take on an exciting new challenge in their career. Your Role To assist in the development, implementation and review of technical financial policy which guides the financial operations for one of our valued Government Clients. To contribute to the achievement of Finance Branch outcomes by promoting the achievement of an aligned and coordinated approach to activities across the branch. Key Accountabilities: Provide assistance in developing, implementing, and managing technical financial policy and guidelines to ensure compliance with Department and whole of Government policy, directives, legislation, guidelines and Australian Accounting Standards. Proactively identify and monitor the potential impact of changes to Australian Accounting Standards, whole of Government policies and legislation on Departmental operations and existing policies, and co-ordinate Departmental responses. Provide authoritative advice to managers and other stakeholders and clients in relation to the interpretation/analysis of legislation and standards, as well as internal and external financial policy. Provide accurate and timely advice on a diverse range of finance functions, activities and programs to enable correct accounting treatments. Undertake high level analysis and assessment of commercial and financial risks of proposed financial arrangements such as a Hospital and Health Service granting an indemnity or guarantee, entering into a joint venture partnership or trust, forming a company, investing, lending or borrowing monies, granting or taking a lease, granting financial accommodation, holding property as a trustee, etc. and to make recommendations as seen appropriate. Review of general policies and procedures to assess potential financial impacts and ensure compliance with existing policies and regulations. Assist in the development of guidelines on technical financial matters and preparation of reports, submissions, briefing notes, correspondence and presentations to internal and external stakeholders. Effectively manage relationships with clients and stakeholders, other agencies and the Queensland Audit Office to ensure engagement across all aspects of technical financial policy development. Contribute to key performance outcomes for Finance Branch and the Corporate Services Division. Represent Finance Branch at high level meetings, committees and working groups. Essential requirements for this role: Qualified CA or CPA with demonstrated knowledge of legislation, Australian Accounting Standards, and financial policies relevant to the Queensland Public Sector. Proven issue identification, analytical and research skills, problem solving skills and a demonstrated ability to develop innovative, sensitive and practical solutions and provide strategic advice to complex issues. Demonstrated ability to contribute to technical policy development in a large, complex organisation. Demonstrated ability to understand and implement technical financial policies and concepts in line with the long term objectives of our valued Government Client. If you would like to be considered for this role then please forward your application and resume to the Apply button. Job Reference Number: 2032¦show number As one of Australia's largest employers, we work with great companies all around Australia and New Zealand to give you the very best permanent, contract and temp work. At Programmed, we are committed to creating a safe and inclusive environment which values and respects diverse styles, backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. We welcome and encourage women, people of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander descent and people from diverse backgrounds to apply.
   Moving to this Top 50 firm will be about setting you up for the future. You can have confidence that you will be exceptionally well developed. Why?   Each employee has a personal training budget of $3K+. First Rate CA Support including a peer support group with 12 others undertaking the CA. Benefit from financial aid to cover CA fees. 20% Advisory assignments and early client interaction will immediately boost your experience level. The Partners are young and hail from Big-4 firms. They bring their expertise and strong network of contacts with them. Many existing employees were earmarked at the Junior level to partake in Management Training and have since become Partners.      Tell Me More About the Firm?   They are expanding by 30% to support their growth levels year after year. In doing so, they have created an environment that has a small firm feel with the capabilities of many of the bigger firms. You'll be challenged with an interesting client base and be supported in meeting your individual goals.   You'll be sitting in the largest of 4 Business Services teams and will be engaged in diverse advisory assignments (20%) and compliance work. Clients include HNWI's, private companies and a handful of ASX listed companies. Turnovers range from $1M to $450M for private companies with average turnovers of approx. $30M.   Seeking 18 months+  experience and commencement of CA. $55,000 - $67,000 based on experience.   _______________________________     We work closely with our candidates to discern what they are looking for and don't present them with roles that don't match that criteria. We want to take the time and stress OUT of job hunting, not add to it by wasting your time.   If these roles are not the right option, we will work with you until we find the right role for you. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with any questions you may have.   Jack Cherry - Accounting & Insolvency Specialist ALRA |Australia's Leading Recruitment Agency M: 0406 990 227 P: 1300 002 572 E: jack@alra.com.au L: www.linkedin.com/in/jack-cherry 
 Our government client is currently seeking a highly experienced EL1 Management Accountant to join their corporate finance team on an initial 12 month contract. Based in Canberra and reporting to the Director Internal Budgets, this position will play a key role in Providing financial management support to managers and the business areas Assisting business units with strategies for business process improvements Coordinate the preparation of budgets and CBMS reporting Developing methodologies and procedures for preparing budgets and recommending policies and practises that will develop long term financial plans Coordinate monthly reporting to the Executive and costings of NPP's. To be successful in this role you will have strong financial modelling, analysis and management reporting skills with demonstrated experience working with the Government budget frameworks and CBMS reporting, developing internal budgets and providing value added financial support to Management. Tertiary qualifications in an accounting degree and CA/CPA membership are essential, while experience working within Government/Big 4 consulting is highly desirable. This is a great opportunity to work within a high performing corporate team, supporting a strong Director and gaining exposure to Senior Management across the organisation. Like to know more? To submit your application, in strict confidence, please apply online using the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Chris Lejsek, Manager, Accounting & Finance in our Canberra office on 02 6229 1533, quoting Ref No. 1B/09149 Your interest will be treated in the strictest of confidence. 
 About the role: An opportunity has become available for a commercially astute Finance Manager to join our team. Reporting to the General Manager, you will be responsible for providing first line financial and commercial support to ensure we achieve our financial strategy, goals and targets through the accurate, timely and quality accounting, analysis and commercial services to Midland Brick. This role has responsibility for the finance and IT functions and as such is an integral part of the business that can drive independence, change and improvement across the organisation. While having a strong analytical skill set is a key part of this role, we are focussed on acquiring an influential person with the confidence to partner with our Leadership team and other senior stakeholders to drive the business forward. You will enjoy being part of an industry leading business that has a reputation for continuous improvement and a genuine commitment to safety. Key responsibilities: Guide the Finance team towards Zero Harm Today, Ensure manufacturing, logistics and sales have comprehensive understanding of business profit drivers and coordinate regular performance reviews; Lead the planning, budgeting and forecasting process along with the financial evaluation of projects and development of capital applications. Explore and report monthly performance identifying variances to plan and opportunities for business improvement; Complete benchmarking and market investigation and reviews; Review, monitor and report on all performance improvement initiatives and provide commercial decision-making support to enable business improvement; Work closely with our Leadership team to develop stretch and attainable annual budgets and prepare feasibility studies as required; Coordinate and drive Quarterly Forecasts ensuring insightful reporting of potential profit gaps; Take a pro-active guidance role in ensuring good internal control, self-governance and continuous improvement; Anticipate negative or positive impact on business targets and proactively suggest solutions and make adjustments to forecasts. About you: Bachelor degree in Business or related discipline (major in accounting, finance or similar) Post Graduate qualifications in Finance or related discipline an advantage CA or CPA with a minimum of 5+ years' experience in a senior/finance management role (within the manufacturing industry preferred) Demonstrated experience in managing statutory requirements for a regional business including taxation, credit and company secretarial Demonstrated experience in managing variances, standard costing and budgets Demonstrated experience in co-ordinating budget, capital and strategic planning processes Sound commercial and business acumen along with the ability to influence; Strong organisational, interpersonal and communication skills; Strong knowledge of business processes with a track record of process improvement; High focus on safety in respect of all activities within the business. On offer: This position offers a stimulating and exciting career with an industry leader and provides genuine career growth opportunities.  A generous remuneration package is being offered. This is an opportunity to work in a team environment within an organisation dedicated to the development and safety of our employees. Apply now. About Midland Brick: Since 1946, Midland Brick (a Boral company) has been making and supplying bricks and pavers for the many thousands of homes, schools, hospitals and commercial buildings that, at some stage, most of us would have come in contact with. We are immensely proud of our heritage and contribution to this wonderful State and never take for granted the trust that West Australia's builders have placed in us and our products. 70 years on from our modest beginnings we have grown into one of the largest brickworks, employing the skills and talent of hundreds of West Australians in making the best bricks in the world. And to ensure we maintain these high standards, we invest heavily in new plant and equipment, over $100m in the last decade.  
Our client is one of Australia's leading providers of tax, audit and SMSF services. A requirement for a dynamic, proactive & experienced Intermediate Accountant looking to progress their career has eventuated. About the role: Boasting an excellent culture and working environment, the successful candidate will be in the position to work directly with clients and the Manager/Partner in the team. You will be provided ongoing training, invaluable on the job mentoring and a competitive salary. Some key responsibilities will be: Assisting in the management of a portfolio of 160+ Superannuation clients Review and analysis of SMSF returns Working on business services SME clients also Liaising with external administrator & internal financial planning teams, tax and audit divisions Analysis of tax obligations & lodgment of BAS returns Communication with clients and external bodies Liaise with SMSF auditors The ideal candidate must have: An accounting related degree and CA or CPA qualificiation Partly completed or fully completed RG146 qualification Demonstrated experience in an SMSF division of a professional accounting firm Experience managing SMSF accounts, tax compliance, financial statements and quarterly BAS Ability to work well in a team Has great energy and is highly motivated to achieve growth and meet targets. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. If you are looking for a new role, with progression towards the next level in this your chosen field of expertise, please contact Cara Carrodus CPA on 9212 1001 to discuss confidentially, otherwise apply now below.  
Role Preparation of annual and quarterly statutory financial reporting obligations Preparation of audit assistance schedules and liaising with external auditors Financial modeling for impairment analysis and valuations Segment and quarterly analytical review analysis Income tax provision, Bas, FBT preparation Monthly consolidated balance sheet reconciliations Treasury accounting functions including: Organising borrowing payments, drawdowns, guarantees, lines of credits Maintaining interest and debt amortisation calculations Preparation and posting all borrowings related  journals Liaising with banks to confirm fx deals and maintain paper work Hedge accounting and documentation of foreign currency deals and borrowings Prepare cash flow forecast for overseas entities Liaise with divisional business units to resolve central finance team queries and to raise journals Review and approval divisional journal entries Perform integrity checks between general ledgers and subsidiary ledgers Update and maintain all aspects of Bis Industries Business Rules including training requirements Assist in the ad hoc reporting requirements of the business Company  Large financial services business based in Chatswood Diverse portfolio of clients - based throughout Australia and NZ 
This is a full function Accounts Payable role working for a hospitality organisation for an initial 3-4 month contract period but with an opportunity for the contract to extend beyond that period.   Reporting into the AP Manager, this is a busy, full function Accounts Payable role. You will be responsible for  matching, batching and coding of invoices, weekly bank recs and dealing with supplier queries. You will also be heavi The position is less invoicing and more dealing with queries and doing the reconciliations. You will be an experienced Accounts Payable candidate, ideally with previous exposure to a large, complex business environment, and the ability to build solid relationships with suppliers and across the business.  You will also ideally have had experience working with a large ERP system, and have sound working knowledge of Excel. This opportunity is to commence immediately and candidates on Visas are encouraged to apply. 
 An iconic international fashion company is looking for a Payroll / Human Resources professional to join their finance team. Immediate start. You can expect to be working on but not limited to: - Processing weekly and fortnightly payroll using ADP - End of Month payroll journals and accruals - HR Generalist functions - Assist office events and all facilities enquires The ideal candidate will have at least 2 years experience in a similar role in the retail industry. Email au.hr@volcom.com with subject reference 'Payroll / Human Resources'. 
 Financial Accountant position on a six month contract with the potential for extension Client Details Our client is a well-known brand and well-established manufacturing company in Western Australia that is part of a larger group of companies with a national presence. Due to a restructure in the Finance function and internal promotions our client requires a Financial Accountant to join their team Description As the Financial Accountant you will be responsible for, but not limited to: Provide all financial activities to support the commercial performance of the business Perform general ledger activities including ledger maintenance, account reconciliations and trial balance review and correction Responsibility for all statutory obligations such as payroll tax, BAS, PAYG, FBT and tax returns Providing the management team with the financial support and information Profile CPA/CA Qualified At least 4 years post-qualification experience Strong and proven Financial Accounting abilities Experience in the mining or manufacturing industries will be looked upon favourably but is not essential Job Offer Competitive remuneration package Parking on site To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Danilo Podrascanin on +61 8 9215 9511. 
 The opportunity We currently have a full time maximum term opportunity (until August 2019) for a Property Accountant to join QIC's Finance team in Brisbane. Reporting to the Investment Accounting Manager for Global Real Estate Australia, the Property Accountant is responsible for performing accounting services for a number of trusts that holds quality Australian shopping centers.  The Property Accountant is responsible for the accounting of capital and developments expenditure, property acquisitions and disposals.  The Property Accountant will work closely with the property accounting, investment, development and tax teams. Prepare monthly balance sheet reconciliations Accounting for acquisition and disposal of properties Ensuring payments and invoices are correctly entered, classified and approved through finance systems Ongoing management accounting for capital transactions and property developments including variances analysis between actual and budget capital expenditures Review and verify supporting documentation for capital expenses and funding requests Maintaining the tax compliance processes including the preparation of the tax fixed asset register, production of taxable income work papers for each respective property ownership trust For outsourced managed properties, organise and review third-party reporting packages and upload to the general ledger Preparation of BAS Assist and prepare information for the property valuation process Identification of and variance explanation of key balance sheet accounts including capital expenditure and property developments Assess compliance with all agreements including development agreements Conduct analyses related to the properties as requested by management Prepare audit schedules relating to properties, and assist the auditors in their inquiries; ;Serve as a resource and assist with preparation of information to be included in the unit price of funds investing into properties Identifying areas for improvement and improving the efficiency of existing procedures and systems. Responsible for property lease accounting including leasing fees and incentives together with amortisation. This varied role is an excellent opportunity to build on your existing property or investment industry knowledge or add this experience to your knowledge and skill set. The ideal candidate The ideal candidate for this role will have: Real estate industry experience, retail property experience preferred Fixed asset accounting experience including tax fixed asset accounting Strong communication skills, both written and oral, as well as solid interpersonal skills Proven organisational skills with ability to set priorities, manage multiple projects and meet deadlines Effective problem solving skills Ability to work independently, as well as part of a team Self-starter capable of finding solutions with minimal supervision Degree in commerce, accounting or related field Minimum 2- 4 years experience in an accounting role Why QIC  QIC Limited (QIC) is a leading global alternatives investment provider for sovereign wealth funds, superannuation funds and other institutional investors. QIC delivers services to over 110 like-minded institutional investors in Australia and internationally with more than A$84.8 billion (28 February 2018) in funds under management. Spanning fixed interest and liquid strategies, infrastructure, real estate, private capital and multi-asset solutions, QIC adapts its approach to suit the investor and the investment context. At QIC our pursuit is to be an inclusive organisation, one in which every employee has a true voice. We want every employee to have a sense of belonging within QIC and this includes feeling like his or her difference is valued, whatever the difference. We want to build people leader capability to reduce unintended bias and ensure we are leveraging the uniqueness of all our people.  To apply To apply, please submit a cover letter and CV via our careers portal by 11pm 18th April 2018. Follow QIC on LinkedIn to receive the latest industry news and job updated at https://www.linkedin.com/company/qic   
 Based in the Kimberley Region, this Leading NFP is looking for a Permanent Management Accountant/Analyst Your new company Located in the beautiful Kimberley Region of WA, this leading NFP client is looking for a Permanent Management Accountant/Analyst to join their team. Your new role Reporting to the CFO you will be responsible for business partnering with various internal business units to provide ad-hoc financial advice, preparing the organisations annual budget and monthly and quarterly forecasting and reporting including P&L, scenario and cost reporting. You will also be responsible for developing and maintaining various financial models including, scenario models and assisting with the annual statutory reporting as required. What you'll need to succeed To succeed in this role you will be a qualified accountant with strong management accounting and analysis skills and proven excel modeling skills. What you'll get in return A highly competitive salary package, flights, relocation allowance and housing will be provided for the successful candidate. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to Bryn Torpy, or call Bryn now on 08 9322 5198. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
Our client is a boutique accounting firm of 25 staff looking to bring onboard an Intermediate Accountant in their tax team to assist the Seniors with their growing client portfolio. With recent growth in the practice, the business expects to bring in more staff over the next 6-12 months. Exciting time to jump onboard! Key Responsibilities Developing and maintaining strong working relationships with the Firm's clients, Partners and staff; Providing guidance and expertise to team members; Preparation of tax returns and financial statements for variety of clients across multiple industry sectors; Planning and coordinating work and maintaining strong productivity levels. To be successful in this position, you must demonstrate the following: Relevant tertiary qualification and part qualified in the CA or CPA Program; 2-4 years of recent work experience within a public accounting firm; Consult on tax and busines related matters (Div 7A, CGT, FBT, GST etc); Direct contact with clients, must have excellent written and verbal communication skills; Working experience with MYOB, Handiledger and XERO; Ability to build excellent client relationships, with a strong track record of delivering high quality outcomes Our client offers a friendly and professional environment that supports its staff and their career development and progression. For further information on this opportunity contact Cara Carrodus CPA on 9212¦show number or cara.carrodus@¦show email to discuss or apply to this position below to be considered. 
 A broad range of clients - large privately held companies, SMEs, not-for-profits, universities/schools etc. CA and CPA study fully supported Regular training and mentoring provided Hands on role with lots of client contact Excellent career progression prospects - this team is fast growing and has an expanding client base    The firm and team: This respected mid-tier accounting firm offers in-depth expertise in the areas of business services, taxation, business advisory/consulting and audit. Its audit division is in the process of expanding and, with its growing client base, is seeking to recruit an additional auditor. This audit team has very low staff turnover and each member is very hands-on when it comes it clients. You will be given responsibility and client contact and will be an integral part of the role. You will also have lots of opportunities to grow your experience both as a result of the level of exposure you will receive to clients and the work, and also through the excellent internal training and mentoring you will receive. This role will ideally suit an ambitious accountant who wants to get ahead at an accelerated rate! About the role: You will: Travel to clients to engage in the audit process. Occasional travel interstate and in Queensland will be required although the majority of the clients are based locally - Brisbane, Gold Coast etc.  Assist in the initial planning stages of the engagement Complete field work and analyse financial information Communicate directly with clients and advise on procedures You will: possess a minimum of 2 years' relevant experience within the external audit division of an Australian accounting firm be currently working towards or intending to commence CA or CPA program, or already be CA/CPA qualified have excellent communication and interpersonal skills    The team you will join is friendly and social and the ability to get on well with clients is essential.     Contact: If this position is of interest, please send your resume to: adrian@bentleyrecruitment.com.au or contact Adrian on 07 3229 8020 for a confidential discussion. 
 Over the last few years we have played a critical role in helping our clients successfully undertake some of Australia's leading M&amp;A and Capital Market transactions. Recent promotions and movements coupled with growth in our Melbourne practice means we have opportunities for talented and ambitious Senior Analysts to fast track their career with Deloitte. Examples of our work We assisted with the $900 million public listing of Netwealth Group Limited on the Australian Securities Exchange, the largest Initial Public Offering by market capitalisation in 2017; We provided transaction support to Ansell Limited with regard to the 2017 US$600 million divestment of their Sexual Wellness business unit; We provided transaction advisory services to a Cheung Kong Infrastructure led consortium in relation to the $7.4 billion acquisition of DUET Group; We provided transaction support to National Australia Bank in relation to their $2.4 billion divestment of their life insurance business, MLC Limited, to Japan's Nippon Life. About the Work Our Melbourne based team regularly draws on the capabilities of our colleagues in other parts of M&amp;A and from across the firm to deliver multi-disciplinary insights to our clients, supporting them throughout the transaction lifecycle. As a Senior Analyst you will; Develop a deep understanding of the businesses and their underlying performance drivers Analyse information memoranda, business plans, publicly available information, and financial model workings and assumptions Review historical trading, quality of earnings, cash flow, working capital, net debt, capital expenditure, forecasts and underlying assumptions Report on potential key issues for our clients including identification of risk or price factors impacting investment decisions Present findings and observations to the engagement managers Your clients will include leading Australian private and listed corporates, global enterprises, private equity firms and Government bodies. About You Highly motivated and talented performer, looking to move to one of the leading Transaction Services practices and with a focus on collaboration, your skills and experience will include: Undergraduate degree in finance and/or accounting Post graduate qualification e.g. CA, CFA, Masters in Applied Finance or MBA A minimum of one-year post qualification experience in performing financial due diligence assignments in a transaction environment or similar complex financial assignments; or business combination experience gained through the audit of acquisitive businesses Strong familiarity with the broader deal-oriented process and environment Structured thinker with analytical and financial skills to work on complex financial transactions Previous leadership experience is required at the more senior levels About Us: Deloitte Culture From day one at our firm you'll be considered part of the Deloitte community and our development and career progression framework will help you develop the skills and capabilities you need to succeed - in every sense of the word. At Deloitte, we assume that you perform other roles within your life¦.you could be a student, a teacher, a passionate hobbyist and a caring family member. We recognise the importance of balance and embrace agility, understanding that this means different things to each and every one of our employees. Next Steps If you have any questions regarding this role you can contact Steph Russell in the Talent Acquisition Team on 02 9322 7695. 
 An exciting opportunity exists for enthusiastic, degree qualified Accounting Graduates to join our Superannuation department. Working within a dynamic and supportive team environment you will receive excellent training from industry leading professionals, as well as fantastic opportunities for career progression.   Your primary duties and responsibilities will include Entering and allocating all accounting transactions for Self Managed Superannuation Funds (SMSFs) Completing monthly bank reconciliations for SMSFs Collating and providing SMSF information to Financial Advisors Assisting in completion of the financial statements and tax returns for SMSFs Liaising with the ATO, banks and other related parties on behalf of the client To be successful in this role you need A strong desire to liaise closely with clients on a daily basis Accounting degree qualified with academic results of a high calibre Excellent written and verbal communication skills Excellent attention to detail, our service to our clients depends heavily on our accuracy Passion for a long term career in accounting Benefits of working with Dixon Advisory Attractive salary package with 6 monthly bonus structure Extensive training and mentoring by industry leading professionals Financial support in gaining CA or CPA Young and vibrant culture Commitment to a healthy work environment with a free healthy breakfast provided each morning Generous fitness rebate Access to discounted financial services for Dixon Advisory staff and their family A June/July start date may be considered for suitable candidates who will be competing their degree mid-2018. Dixon Advisory as an employer Dixon Advisory is a holistic family wealth management firm supporting over 8,000 Australian trustees to optimise their wealth for retirement through self managed super funds (SMSFs). Our support includes year-round investment, accounting, compliance and administration assistance “ something we've been committed to for 30 years. As one of Australia's premier SMSF providers, our team of more than 350 employees based in Sydney, Melbourne, Canberra, Brisbane and New York work together to provide a global outlook for investing. If you have the skill set and drive to make this role your own we would love to have you as part of our team!  Please apply by sending us your cover letter, resume and academic transcript. 
 Senior Financial Accountant / Finance Manager required for Alice Springs Your new company We are seeking an experienced Finance Manager to be responsible for the strategic management and overall financial management of the various entities and divisions within our clients Aboriginal Corporation in Alice Springs. Reporting to the CFO, you will engage in financial analysis in such areas as forecasting, budgeting, cost reduction analysis and reviewing operational performance. Your new role As Finance Manager with a pro-active ˜hands-on' approach, you will manage the finance department and corporate services group; develop sound finance policies and procedures; manage grant control and audit requirements; manage funds to maximise return on investments whilst minimising risks; ensure compliance with regulatory bodies; and provide timely accurate reporting to the Communities as well as the Board of Directors. You will be responsible for: Financial reporting, and Monthly &amp; quarterly management reports completed in an accurate and timely manner Forecasts and preparation of the Services budget Reporting to management on variances from the established budget Compliance management including, including compliance of financial reporting, statutory compliance and taxation (annual accounts and audit, BAS, PAYG instalments, reporting, superannuation, workers compensation, FBT, GST reporting) Managing the relationship with auditors, the annual audit process and reporting Assisting management with the overall strategic direction Leading and developing the Finance Team and act as CFO as and when required Ensuring an efficient, timely and compliant payroll function is maintained Continuous improvement activities Managing strong working relationships with staff, delivering appropriate and honest support and feedback What you'll need to succeed As an experienced Finance Manager, you will have previous financial accounting / management experience with a tertiary qualification in Accounting, Commerce or similar; and ideally full CPA / CA status or be working towards this. You will have extensive post-qualification financial management experience and the capacity to provide advice on finance matters and taxation matters, as well as proven experience in implementing new processes and systems to ensure the efficient processing of all accounting transactions. You will have an understanding of corporate governance and the ability to manage resources within budget. As a natural leader, you will have strong interpersonal and written/verbal communication skills with the demonstrated ability to lead, motivate and influence a team. Knowledge of service delivery to Indigenous people and appreciation of Indigenous culture is desired, as is familiarity with non-for-profit or governments processes and funding procedures. You will have a current driver's license, the willingness to travel as required. Candidates must have the right to reside and work in Australia. What you'll get in return In return, you will receive a competitive salary package plus salary sacrificing, and an opportunity to share your expertise and advance your career. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, please click 'apply now' or forward an up-to-date copy of your resume in word format (doc.) to hayley.schwab@hays.com.au If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. At Hays, we value diversity and are passionate about placing people in a role where they can flourish and succeed. We actively encourage people from diverse backgrounds to apply. 
Freo Group is the foremost provider of crane hire services and project material logistics management in Australia. The company provides crane hire, heavy lift, project logistics management, oversize transport, materials handling, warehousing and storage with support bases located across Australia. Freo Group Pty Ltd are looking to fill the position of a full time Senior Revenue Officer based at the Hope Valley Head Office in Perth, WA. The position on offer is a full time salaried position and will report directly to the Accountant - Senior Revenue. The primary duties of the role include: Review and processing of branch billing activities, including but not limited to: Pricing work dockets; Assist Accountant - Senior Revenue; Check cross hire invoices and ensure costs and revenue are correctly applied and approved; Review all work dockets and ensure these are reviewed by the relevant Branch Manager. Prepare revenue accrual calculations and supporting information; Enter journals as required; Enter and upload data into third party invoice payment system (e.g. Quadrem); Other duties as directed by the Accountant - Senior Revenue and Financial Controller. We would prefer you to have: Demonstrated experience using a reputable accounting package (Essential); Excellent written and verbal communication skills as well as attention to detail and accuracy; The ability to process a high-volume of transactions with excellent time management skills; The ability to work as part of a team as well as individually; Ability to handle ever changing demands of the internal and external clients; Training in business / credit control / accounting (Desirable); Previous experience in a revenue accountant position or similar (Desirable). If you would like to apply for this position, please forward your cover letter and resume in confidence to staff@freogroup.com.au Agencies are not required at this stage.   
 About the business An EXCITING ACCOUNTING position exists for a Cantonese speaking professional to work within a rapidly growing food company¦.  We are an established food importing/distribution company. The Accountant will oversee and manage all facets of the company's accounting activities and statutory compliance.   About the role Key Responsibilities include:  Prepare financial reports  Prepare FBT, GST/ BAS  Manage general ledger and asset register  Manage payroll, payroll tax, PAYG  Organise month end accrual process  Develop financial policies &amp; procedure  Manage insurance &amp; leasing  Manage general ledger and fixed asset register  Cashflow reporting and forecasting  Meet internal/external statutory compliance  Skills and experience   With minimum 5 years consecutive experience in Accounting, the successful candidate will have:  Strong working knowledge of Australian Accounting Standards  Tertiary qualified   CPA or CA membership is advantageous  Strong working knowledge of Australian Accounting Standards  Strong PC skills and experience with MS Office applications and any Accounting (experience with ACCPAC an advantage)  Strong verbal and writing communication skills   Cantonese communication skills  Strategic thinker and must have analytical awareness    If you possess all the above skills and have the willingness to learn and develop in this role then apply online.     Only short listed candidates will be contacted.  
 Our client is the operating owner of a central QLD open cut coal mine producing premium Coal for the export market. We are seeking a forward thinking and motivated Mine site Accountant for a residential based role in central QLD.   Responsibilities include; Monthend procedures; Monthly report; Internal cost analysis against budgets and forecasts; Internal &amp; external reporting Review adherence to commercial policies and procedures and implement business improvement initiatives. Review and analyse site costs by department and activity to meet or reduce site unit costs. Ensure all reporting are in line with agreements Ensure that all site personnel are aware of company policies and procedures with regards to finance, procurement and other commercial activities. Lead the administration team Skills and Qualifications; Financial qualifications CA/ CPA or equivalent 3+ years post graduate experience in management accounting is essential Highly developed communication, analytical, reasoning and organisations skills Budgetary and financials systems experience Demonstrated commercial acumen Previous mine site experience is essential. Salary Package; Base $115k + $27k Site allowance + short term bonus of 15% of base + company housing provided at no cost (Utilities not covered) + Super.   Please apply online at www.beilby.com.au quoting reference number 13645. For initial enquiries or for any assistance you may need in making your application, please call Sharon Justo on 0439 537 041 
   Are you seeking 2/3 days per week in your ideal role? Do you have outstanding time management and attention to detail skills? Do you want to work with a dynamic team&lt;   Over the past 22 years, Eden Ritchie Recruitment has developed a strong reputation in the Brisbane market as one of the top specialised recruiters in our field.  With a broad range of clients in both the commercial and public sectors, we have experienced extensive growth over recent years and have a clear vision for our future growth.  With this in mind, we now seek to expand finance team with the addition of an experienced accounts administrator.   Reporting to the Company Accountant you will be responsible for:   Bank and credit card reconciliations Assist with balance sheet reconciliations Accounts payable, petty cash and expense claim processing Provide payroll assistance both internally and externally as required Provide back-up assistance in invoice preparation, receipting and debtor reconciliation Preparation of monthly external reporting to client stakeholders Active involvement in implementing process and procedural improvements   To be considered you must have: A minimum 5 years' experience from within a similar payroll/accounts role Demonstrated experience with Xero Accounting, Astute Payroll (desired) and MS Office (Excel/Word) Possess a high level of confidentiality Excellent written and verbal communication skills A desire to work in a fast-paced sales environment with the ability multi-task   This is a great opportunity to work an organisation that pride themselves on high levels of customer service.  If you want to be part of this great team, call now for a confidential discussion, Michelle Dehlen on 0450210510 or email michelle@edenritchie.com.au     
 The word Paragon denotes a model of excellence and it is from this that we draw our philosophy of 'big firm capability, small firm personality'. Our team takes great pride in maintaining the highest professional training, and together with our love of the Camden Haven and Hastings areas, we are able to maintain a balanced lifestyle, offering the best that we have to our staff (&amp; clients).   Flexible work environment. Both part time and full time candidates considered.   Duties will include preparing financial statements and tax returns for various structures, including SMSF's.   The successful applicant will have at least three years experience in public practice, and be able to exhibit strong attention to detail.   The future at Paragon Accountants holds great career opportunities for the right candidate.   Come and join a professional, friendly team on the beautiful Mid North Coast.     
 2 Month Contract in Brisbane Bayside $40ph + Super Your new company Is a leading employer in the Brisbane Bayside region seeking the support of a Management Accountant on an initial 2 month contract basis in a part time capacity. Your new role Will see you supporting the Finance Manager driving month end management reports, reviewing budget variations and responding to operational queries. You will prepare KPI reports providing detailed analysis on performance to support the operational managers. You will review the activity based costing reports whilst testing the data integrity. What you'll need to succeed Ideally CA/CPA qualified with proven experience providing management reporting in an operational focused business. Strong Excel and ERP systems skills will be essential to the success in this opportunity. What you'll get in return Flexible working arrangements and opportunity to be part of a focused and driven team. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Retail and building services Custom display fixtures and fittings Northern suburbs, Melbourne Package negotiable   Brief: Northern suburbs location Privately owned business Great growth potential within role   A fantastic opportunity exists for an aspiring financial controller to develop and grow with the business.   The business   We are a privately owned and successful trading group operating within the retail and building services industry. We work with leading Australian retailers in developing display fixtures and fittings across a broad range of market segments. We pride ourselves on our dynamic approach and maintaining a vibrant and fun working environment.   The Role   An opportunity exists to join us in the role as Management Accountant, in which you will be responsible with supporting management with accurate reporting to assist in the decision making of the group. You will work closely with different stakeholders of the business including the Managing Director, General Manager, Account Managers, and external advisers, and will handle the financial reporting and cash flow for the business. You will have the opportunity to actively shape your role and grow with the business.   Reporting directly to the Managing Director, you will: Attend to account reconciliation and month-end reporting Oversee in-house finance team ensuring optimal customer and supplier positions Identify and implement finance function process improvement Manage multi-currency and multi-entity transactions Assist with compilation of Board reporting packs Perform in-depth financial modelling to assist with project planning and tendering Undertake job-cost analysis Ensure timely and accurate GST, PAYG, and superannuation reporting Managing Payroll function including superannuation   The successful candidate   You will possess: Bachelor Degree with an accounting major; A proven background in Management Accounting and business analysis; A minimum of 3 years post graduate experience; Experience and/or familiarity with ERP software; Exceptional interpersonal skills with a desire to build strong relationships; Proficiency in MS Word and Excel; Attention to detail, excellent written and communication skills; An ability to work under pressure in a fast-paced environment.   If you are interested in the position, please click the APPLY button. 
 The role Preparation of Corporate Income Tax Return, including documentation of tax positions, and reconciliation of capital expenditure.    Preparation of income tax effect and PRRT tax effect. Preparation of PRRT (Petroleum Resource Rent Tax) Returns. Analysis and update of carried forward un-deducted PRRT expenditure. Assistance with transfer pricing documentation. Working with Commercial to research and provide corporate tax advice and recommendations on commercial arrangements and agreements in a timely manner Working with Business Analysts to provide corporate tax assistance on economic modeling Liaise with external tax advisor on corporate tax matters (income tax, PRRT, FBT, Research &amp; Development (R&amp;D), Transfer Pricing) including engagements for the review of tax compliance, the provision of tax advice, and the management of tax due diligence on acquisitions, and work with financial &amp; legal due diligence Liaise with Operator tax advisors on tax information requirements Liaise with Accounting and Technical to determine tax treatment of expenditure. Enhance/streamline the tax compliance process, meet tax deadlines, and maintain the tax risk register. Assistance with adhoc projects as and when required. Prerequisites   Minimum 6-8 yrs tax compliance experience in commerce and/or a public practice. Commitment to accuracy and attention to detail.   Organised and able to multi-task. Self-motivated, takes initiative. Ability to learn quickly on the job. Team player. Able to work under pressure to meet deadlines. Genuine interest in developing/enhancing commercial tax experience in O&amp;G industry. 
 US Blackwood Partners is a professional services firm with a strong taxation and business services bias. YOU  should expect to be challenged in an environment where client focus is not just a catch phrase and striving for excellence is the norm.   YOU You should: have at least three years taxation and business services experience have strong interpersonal and communication skills have recent exposure to processing and administering self managed superannuation funds be comfortable with direct client contact hold a degree in Accounting  have completed or be completing your post graduate qualification have a leaning towards contemporary work practices and technology be prepared to be fast tracked expect to be challenged be prepared for a wide range of assignments expect a balanced lifestyle be prepared for the 'new world' which is opening up for professional services firms. The JOB This is a business services position with a strong taxation and superannuation bias. This position will involve providing tax, accounting and compliance services to small to medium clients from a diverse range of industries. You should be also prepared for an environment where you are expected to provide extended advice in many areas including: estate planning, strategic planning and business management. You will report to a Director and have direct client contact. 
 Immediate start North Sydney location (Close to public transport) $50k to $55k plus super About us We are a small full service digital media company with strengths in digital strategy, user experience design, creative execution, technical delivery, deployment and support of complex interactive media solutions.  You will be part of a small friendly and very cohesive finance team and will be given the opportunity to further develop your all round accounts knowledge. The role Reporting to the Accountant your responsibilities will include, but will not be limited to: Full function accounts Payable looking after a ledger of approximately 100+ suppliers. Assisting the Accounts receivable officer with processing invoices and collections. Assisting the accountant with General Ledger reconciliations. Assisting the accountant with Month end preparation. Various other duties and Ad hoc projects. The successful applicant At least 3 years' experience in a similar role Your relevant work experience is more important than any formal qualifications, however relevant TAFE or University qualifications will be looked upon favourably. Strong experience in Full function accounts Payable Some experience in debtors' collections High attention to detail Excellent time management skills Ability to work in a team and independently. Strong communication and interpersonal skills. High levels of customer service. Solid Excel skills.  You must be a team player who is extremely organised with the ability to meet deadlines.  Your ability to multi task and use your initiative, together with your sound numerical aptitude and keen eye for detail will ensure your success in this role.  To submit your application please apply online.  Please note, only those with the right to live and work in Australia need to apply.     
 Our client Iconic, well known retail business is looking for an experienced Payroll Manager to join their close-knit team. This role will suit a hands-on Payroll Manager with previous management/mentoring experience. You will look after a medium sized team and their day-to-day operations as well as being a part of driving process improvements and system projects. The role Reporting to the CFO, you will be responsible for managing all aspects of the payroll function. You will lead a medium sized team and continue to improve the payroll process, procedures and offer ongoing training and development to the payroll team. Your duties will include: Process weekly, fortnightly and monthly pay runs; Understanding and interpreting relevant legislation and awards, ensuring compliance with all relevant employee legislative requirements and update departments / manuals as required to reflect changes in legislation (ANZ); Providing accurate and timely industrial relations advice and award/agreement/legislation interpretation; Processing relevant terminations, leave, taxation and superannuation payments; Coaching, mentoring and development of payroll staff; Continued development of processes and procedures; Complete all payroll reporting including annual leave, sick leave and hours worked for management reports; Preparation of year-end procedures including PAYG summaries and employee share scheme statements. For success in this role, you will possess Minimum of 5 years' experience managing a payroll function; Ability to co-ordinate multiple tasks and prioritise to meet deadlines; Previous experience using large ERP's such as Chris21 is highly desirable; First class communication and ability to build strong working relationships with key stakeholders; Up to date knowledge of national employment regulations/changes and industry factors; Commitment to personal and company development. On offer Highly professional and close-knit team with enviable company culture; Great perks; Set, family-friendly work hours within a growing and ever-changing industry. To apply online, please click on the link below. Alternatively, to discuss this opportunity further please contact Michele Muschter on 02 8036 7611. Follow West Recruitment on LinkedIn to receive the latest industry news and job updates at http://www.linkedin.com/company/west-recruitment-consulting Please submit your resume in Word format only. 
 Our Company Our company is based in the Eastern Suburbs, specialising in boutique residential developments in Eastern Sydney. We are after an experienced Bookkeeper to manage the office and multiple construction projects. This is a unique opportunity to work in a firm that is involved in all aspects of development, from feasibility, to design, to construction. The office is situated in Coogee, walking distance to the beach, a small, tight knit, and easy going team. The Role As a Bookkeeper, you will be involved in: Managing contractor accounts Daily archiving of contractor documents and receipts Following up on payments Ensuring compliance with payment and lodgement dates Generating monthly financial reports Maintaining financial records - Payables/Receivables, reconciliations, collections, balancing Paying creditors, creating invoices, and following up payments Answering all incoming queries and undertaking administrative tasks Coordinate any IT requirements/office equipment Improving systems and procedures Being a small company, responsibilities are blurred. Therefore, we are exposed to, and help with all help with all aspects of the business. You The successful candidate will have: Experience in bookkeeping Availability to work on a part-time basis (2 days a week) Strong communication skills Ideally hold an accounting qualification (advanced diploma or above) Experience with quickbooks, and any other systems You will confidently demonstrate: A can-do attitude and initiative to work unsupervised to meet deadlines Strong communication skills with team members, clients, and consultants Ability to coordinate with other team members Strong time management skills Experience in implementing an organisational system Advanced computer literacy Our Team This is a great opportunity to join a successful team with an immediate start. Orosi is an informal and collaborative team looking to grow together, with a focus on career development and opportunity. We would like to find someone to join our family and share our vision. Our atmosphere is warm, supportive, and flexible, and we work hard to assist each other across disciplines. Apply If you feel you have the skills and experience for this opportunity, we would love to hear from you! Send your CV through to info@orosiprojects.com.au. Follow us on Instagram: @orosiprojects to follow our latest projects. 
 AXL Financial Pty Limited delivers effective property funding solutions from simple residential loans to larger commercial property construction projects. The Company also controls some successful Home Building Companies including Hyperbuild Pty Limited, Harvest Homes Pty Limited and Holz Pty Limited. Following a period of continued growth, AXL Financial Pty Limited are seeking to employ an experienced Accounts Payable / Payroll Officer. Working for the various entities, you will be responsible for the following: Specific duties: Process suppliers' invoices for multiple small entities. Raise credit notes and ensuring that they are allocated correctly. Review of cashflow and prepare payment run in line with credit terms. Process staff expense claims. Credit card reconciliation. Maintain and update supplier's details. Manage internal and external payment queries. Process fortnightly payroll for approx. 15 staff. PAYG and Payroll tax lodgement and reconciliation. Process super payments. Maintain and update personnel files. Bank Reconciliation. Assist with other reconciliations Other administrative and accounting duties. Skills and experience Required: Previous experience in a similar role. Ability to work autonomously with minimal supervision. Attention to detail. High level of accuracy. Ability to prioritise tasks. Proficiency using MYOB highly regarded but not essential. Possess strong verbal and written communication skills Have a positive attitude In return we offer: Competitive salary Friendly supportive team environment Real opportunities for growth and development. To apply for this position click APPLY FOR THIS JOB and send us a brief covering letter and Resume. (All applications must be sent via seek.com.au) 
 Full time and part time assignments Immediate availability required Varying industries and organisations About Entree EntrÃ©e Recruitment is an exclusive consultancy specialising in both temporary and permanent recruitment across the corporate sector. Wholly South Australian owned and operated since our establishment in 2001, we are experts in the SA job market. EntrÃ©e are always seeking Adelaide's most professional and experienced Payroll Officers to join our established temporary team. About the roles Temporary work can perfectly suit candidates who are waiting for the perfect permanent job, in Adelaide on a working holiday visa, wanting to gain experience in or explore different industries, or wanting to hold a career as an ongoing contractor. Payroll assignments can vary in length, depending on the reason for the need: annual leave cover, maternity leave cover or assisting with large workloads. In some instances, the permanent role may be vacant, giving you an opportunity to prove yourself within a temporary capacity in the hopes of a permanent job offer. Skills &amp; experience EntrÃ©e are seeking candidates who have proven experience in the full function processing of payroll including: accurate and timely processing of employee wages; calculating penalty rates, annual and sick leave; the calculation of company WorkCover levies and individual superannuation rates; award interpretation; and reconciling amounts on a monthly or annual basis. Successful candidates will have ideally used modern accounting software packages such as Chris21 and Micropay or other similar systems. Culture and benefits EntrÃ©e Recruitment differentiate ourselves from our competitors due to our candidate care practices. You will meet and liaise solely with a dedicated Recruitment Consultant, who will keep contact with you throughout your placement. We develop long term relationships with both our candidates and clients, ensuring the best possible outcomes for everybody involved. Applications in Microsoft Word only should be forwarded to Julie Rawley Quoting reference number E999 Telephone enquiries are welcome on 8100 8873 Email: Please click the 'Apply' button below. 
 Salary: $40 - $50 p/h + Super Location: Parramatta based Role Benefit: Shape insights and broaden your commercial acumen in a key stakeholder partnering role. Genuine Temp to Perm opportunity. Role Overview Reporting to the Commercial Manager, this Commercial Analyst will be responsible for driving in depth commercial analysis that supports the growth of the business across the full P&amp;L. You will engage a broad range of stakeholders to help bring together value adding insight and analytics that deliver real-time business decisions. The Commercial Analyst has primary day-to-day responsibility for shaping the business' commercial performance reporting, scenario analysis to support the assessment of risks and opportunities as well as providing a range of performance reconciliations and reports. They key success factor will be your ability to build rapport you're your stakeholders and translate financial information into plain language. Role/Responsibilities Drive commercial performance reporting across financial and operational KPIs to shape actionable insights and analysis. Deliver volume, rate and mix analysis to support the review of sales and margin performance to plan and prior year. Contribute to the preparation of budgets and forecasts that are aligned to key business driver assumptions. Provide sensitivity analysis and scenario modelling to support assessment of business risks and opportunities. Support the review of monthly financial results and engage the shared services function to ensure results are materially complete and accurate. Perform a range of commercial reconciliations to support the close of accurate results. Candidate Profile You are an ambitious analyst or accountant that is looking to step-change your career in a role where you can really make a difference. Currently CA / CPA qualified or studying towards your qualification, you have a passion for connecting with the business, engaging the people around you and have a natural ability to make sense out of the numbers. You have excellent analytical thinking, are brilliant at Excel and confident in dealing with non-finance stakeholders. Exemplary communication skills and a hunger to learn and grow will set you apart. Culture &amp; Benefits A leader in their industry, this business sells brands that are internationally recognised and maintain a track record of innovation. In this regard, they provide a fantastic platform for people to develop their careers in a hands on, teamwork based culture. Immerse yourself with brands you know - share the passion Nurture growth - be a key driver in shaping insights to deliver growth Be rewarded - $40 - $50 p/h + Super Genuine Temp to Perm opportunity Apply If this sounds like you, please send your resume by clicking the apply link below addressing Richard Skaf quoting reference number RSCA4010 in the subject line. 
 My client is a leading Financial Institution with an outstanding brand in both the Australian and APAC region. With a diverse financial product offering they service a broad range of customers from retail through to some of region's largest corporates. A unique and exciting opportunity has arisen within Finance for an energetic and high performing Finance Analyst. You will play a critical role in delivering insights to key stakeholders including; CEO, CFO and key Business Unit Directors. The role will offer you fantastic exposure to the business and key responsibilities will include: End to end ownership over the preparation of monthly and half yearly reporting and analysis; Preparation of insights and commentary for reporting and forecasting purposes; Information management and analysis for the Half Year and Full Year ASX Profit Announcement Assist with the preparation and management of the Peer reporting cycle including; planning analysis and commentary; Identification and execution of initiatives focused on improvement to processes and reporting The successful candidate will be confident, articulate and able to demonstrate in-depth understanding of key drivers of business performance. Superior analytical and problem solving skills are a must-have, coupled with a can-do attitude and demonstrated ability to quickly learn new concepts. CA/CPA qualified (or close to completion), you will have 3+ years experience gained in either a large corporate or Big 4 / large 2nd Tier Chartered Accounting firm. An understanding of key drivers of revenue and performance in a large corporate is a must, coupled with the confidence and ability to partner effectively with a broad range of stakeholders both in finance and the broader business. For further information on this role or to confidentially apply, please contact Stuart Soper on 02 8227 9200 or apply directly via the Apply for this job button. Only WORD FORMAT resumes will be accepted. 
 LWM Group is an established and innovative professional firm of Chartered Accountants on the Central Coast. We provide expert advice and wealth creation services to family businesses. We seek a Cadet to Intermediate Accountant to join our team.  The successful candidate will have: 1 years' experience in public practice Be studying towards or have completed your accounting degree A strong work ethic Strong communication skills The ability to work as part of a team You will receive on-going training, study support &amp; flexible working hours in a pleasant and relaxed workplace. An attractive remuneration package will be offered to the successful candidate commensurate with your skills and experience. All applications should be submitted via the link below and will be treated in the strictest confidence.  
 Our Organisation RMIT is a global university of technology, design and enterprise. Our mission is to help shape the world through research, innovation, teaching and engagement, and to create transformative experiences for our students, getting them ready for life and work. The Finance and Governance portfolio partners with other areas of the university in achieving the organisations objectives, by strategically orienting its provision of financial, legal, analytics, risk and assurance and secretarial services to the delivery of the core operations of the university. The Internal Audit, Compliance, Risk and Regulation (IACRR) team undertakes audit and risk management programs of activity as approved by the Audit and Risk Management Committee (ARMC) of Council. These programs are practical in nature and extend across RMIT and its controlled entities. The Role &amp; Your Responsibilities The Manager International Compliance leads and manages RMIT's international compliance activities and reviews/audits with all relevant legislation and regulation in relation to international onshore student activities, as a registered provider to deliver education to overseas students and under the Simplified Student Visa Framework (SSVF). The position provides leadership to a small team collectively responsible for assuring quality, managing the SSVF immigration risk outcomes (onshore students), compliance monitoring and reporting in relation to the Education Services for Overseas Students (ESOS Act), including Commonwealth Register of Institutions and Courses for Overseas Students (CRICOS) registration, the National Code of Practice and oversight of RMIT's Confirmation of Appropriate Accommodation and Welfare (CAAW) provision for overseas students under the age of 18 years. Skills &amp; Experience Required Demonstrated management and leadership skills within the international tertiary education sector A deep knowledge and understanding of the obligations of education providers under the provision of the ESOS Act, National Code of Practice and associated regulation and a sound knowledge of the TEQSA and ASQA frameworks and standards. Excellent written and verbal communication and negotiation skills, including the ability to deal effectively with a diverse range of clients, partners, stakeholders and authorities. Substantial experience preparing internal guidance and procedures, briefings, government submissions, reports and correspondence. Proven expertise in the management and coordination of people and projects and excellent management skills including the ability to plan and coordinate team activities. Proven ability to exercise initiative, to think strategically and creatively and to adopt an active and pragmatic approach to problem solving and managing risk Demonstrated experience in the ability to work with and understand the needs of people from diverse cultural and socioeconomic backgrounds. Demonstrated commitment to quality assurance and continuous improvement. To Apply To view a position description visit yourcareer.rmit.edu.au and search using job reference number 563809 Applications close on Sunday 22nd April 2018 RMIT is an equal opportunity employer committed to being a child safe organisation. We are dedicated to attracting, retaining and developing our people regardless of gender identity, ethnicity, sexual orientation, disability and age. Applications are encouraged from all sectors of the community. 
 Our client is the operating owner of a central QLD open cut coal mine producing premium Coal for the export market. We are seeking a forward thinking and motivated Mine site Accountant for a residential based role in central QLD.   Responsibilities include; Monthend procedures; Monthly report; Internal cost analysis against budgets and forecasts; Internal &amp; external reporting Review adherence to commercial policies and procedures and implement business improvement initiatives. Review and analyse site costs by department and activity to meet or reduce site unit costs. Ensure all reporting are in line with agreements Ensure that all site personnel are aware of company policies and procedures with regards to finance, procurement and other commercial activities. Lead the administration team Skills and Qualifications; Financial qualifications CA/ CPA or equivalent 3+ years post graduate experience in management accounting is essential Highly developed communication, analytical, reasoning and organisations skills Budgetary and financials systems experience Demonstrated commercial acumen Previous mine site experience is essential. Salary Package; Base $115k + $27k Site allowance + short term bonus of 15% of base + company housing provided at no cost (Utilities not covered) + Super.   Please apply online at www.beilby.com.au quoting reference number 13645. For initial enquiries or for any assistance you may need in making your application, please call Sharon Justo on 0439 537 041 
 Operating in the Australian market for over 20 years, Assure is a market leader in the provision of corporate psychology solutions. Through best practice Employee Assistance (EAPs) and facilitation of organisational development services, Assure implements professional, innovative and engaging solutions for organisations and individuals that promote productivity and wellbeing in the workplace.  An opportunity has arisen for an experienced Accounts Receivable Officer to join our team in the Brisbane CBD on a permanent full-time basis. The Accounts Receivable Officer works in a small team providing day to day, end of month and end of year financial and administrative support to the finance team. Specifically, the role is responsible for payment allocation, invoicing, customer accounts queries, reconciliation of debtor accounts, debt collection, end of month processes and reporting and various other related activities. To be successful in this role you will possess the following skills, attributes and experience: Essential Excellent data entry abilities, with a high level of accuracy and speed Experience in an invoicing and debt collection role Working knowledge of Microsoft office application including Word, Excel and outlook General understanding of accounting based systems General understanding of accounting policies and principles Ability to develop and maintain customer relations in person, via phone or email Desirable Advanced knowledge of MS Excel and MS Access Understanding of Axapta accounting software This role presents a fantastic opportunity for the successful candidate to have a challenging and rewarding career within a company that genuinely improves the lives of Australians every day.When applying, please include your resume and a cover letter outlining your relevant experience and abilities that will enable you to successfully perform in this role. 
 Orange Hire is a reputable plant hire company providing traffic equipment and plant to the civil construction industry. We hire multiple solutions for site perimeter, ground equipment, plant rental and safety products to make life easier for the Civil Contractor. Due to an internal promotion, this position has become available based at our Arndell Park Support Office. As the Accounts Payable Officer you will provide excellent customer service to suppliers, ownership of accounts payable suppliers ledger, resolving accounts payable queries, setting up payments to suppliers with allocations completed &amp; remittances sent. Minimum 3 years experience in a similar role is essential. Job tasks and responsibilities Reporting to the Financial Accountant, you will be responsible for: ·         Maintaining healthy supplier relationships ·         Management of Accounts Payable Mailbox ·         Ensuring supplier ledgers are up to date with no discrepancies ·         Accounts payables queries attended and resolved via telephone and mailbox ·         Payment runs setup and allocations of accounts paid ·         Remittances sent by email to suppliers ·         Perform all other duties as assigned and required by FA/CFO   You To be successful in this role, you will be strong on volume AP work, have a strong focus on meeting supplier invoice timelines and thrive on working in a fast paced environment. The ideal candidate will understand the importance of supporting the hire and financial process, and be a motivated team-player.   In addition, you will have: 3 years experience in Accounts Payable Intermediate Excel skills required for AP reporting Experience with ERP systems, SAGE or similar would be an advantage The ability to communicate clearly and credibly with various stakeholders across the business Committed to carrying out work promptly and with the highest accuracy and attention to detail Job benefits and perks Quarterly Bonuses as part of the Company Profit Share after 3 month qualifying period A supportive workplace Learning and development opportunities Remuneration package will be commensurate on relevant experience. As part of our recruitment process successful candidates will participate in a pre-employment medical and police check and psychometric survey. If this sounds like your next role apply now!   
 Our client is the operating owner of a central QLD open cut coal mine producing premium Coal for the export market. We are seeking a forward thinking and motivated Mine site Accountant for a residential based role in central QLD.   Responsibilities include; Monthend procedures; Monthly report; Internal cost analysis against budgets and forecasts; Internal &amp; external reporting Review adherence to commercial policies and procedures and implement business improvement initiatives. Review and analyse site costs by department and activity to meet or reduce site unit costs. Ensure all reporting are in line with agreements Ensure that all site personnel are aware of company policies and procedures with regards to finance, procurement and other commercial activities. Lead the administration team Skills and Qualifications; Financial qualifications CA/ CPA or equivalent 3+ years post graduate experience in management accounting is essential Highly developed communication, analytical, reasoning and organisations skills Budgetary and financials systems experience Demonstrated commercial acumen Previous mine site experience is essential. Salary Package; Base $115k + $27k Site allowance + short term bonus of 15% of base + company housing provided at no cost (Utilities not covered) + Super.   Please apply online at www.beilby.com.au quoting reference number 13645. For initial enquiries or for any assistance you may need in making your application, please call Sharon Justo on 0439 537 041 
 Permanent Accounts Payable specialist needed. Wollongong location, international manufacturing organisation. Your new company This successful International manufacturing organisation are seeking a motivated and professional accounts payable professional for a fantastic permanent opportunity, based in Wollongong. Your new role Working within a high functioning Finance team of 6 and reporting directly to the Financial Controller, you will be responsible for the full gamut of the AP function. You will process high volume invoices on time and with the highest degree of accuracy. Identifying opportunities to increase payment terms and in some cases beginning this process will be an added aspect of this role. What you'll need to succeed You will need at least 3 years' experience as an Accounts Payable Professional within a medium to large business, as well as exposure to Accounting ERP software. You will be the type of person who can quickly adapt, as well as identify the opportunity to improve processes. Experience within a Manufacturing environment, as well as exposure to SYSPRO will be held in high regard. What you'll get in return A full time permanent opportunity with a highly stable and prestigious local employer, as well as an excellent salary is on offer. This client offers brand new offices, a high functioning team environment, and is located close to the beach. Both candidates on notice periods and immediately available candidates will be considered, with the employer looking to get the right person on board as soon as possible. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or for a confidential discussion, contact James Fiumara on (02) 4222 0100 OR james.fiumara@hays.com.au 
 A rapidly growing boutique practice in Perth requires an experienced Manager to lead and mentor a team of tax accountants. This role requires a high level of client contact and advisory skills, as the firm is focusing on Business Advisory amongst other value add services. This practice promotes work life balance, with flexible hours, excellent salary and a genuine opportunity for career progression. Key Responsibilities: Preparation of income tax returns and financial statements Manage your own client base and your own team of accountants Business advisory and consulting Manage, mentor and review the work of the compliance tax team Assist the business development team in providing value add services to clients Liaising directly with clients and answering client queries Key Requirements: 7+ years experience in an Australian accounting practice CA / CPA qualified High level of client contact and proven relationship management skills Ability to mentor and train junior staff, with proven track record of mentorship Desire to grow in the practice and be enthusiastic about your work Experience with Trust account audits and SMSF audits preferred Strong systems experience To apply please click apply or call Rebecca Bowles on 08 9266 0919 for a confidential discussion. 
Join a modern accounting firm that has grown steadily 20% year on year for the last five years!    The Firm Successful, established Chartered practice with 2 Partners and 25 staff they are currently seeking to expand operations resulting in a search for the best in the market to join their team. This firm isn't just about technical client scenarios; it's about having astute professionals that can solve problems and find solutions to assist the clients with their needs. This firm provides effective tax advice, business services and value-add work to their clients. The Role  Now offering suitable candidates the chance to exponentially advance their career both technically and personally, by providing continual training, reward, recognition and development as required. The firm is close-knit and has a flat structure, therefore the successful candidate will work closely with their Partner and manage a portfolio of $600 - 700k in fees. General accounting Multi-million dollar complex accounts Face-to-face client exposure Tax returns for all entities BAS/IAS Supervising a team of 3 Assist with the preparation of financial reports Advisory work &amp; special projects  The Successful Candidate  The suitable candidate will have at least 4 years full-time experience in Business Services  in an Australian Accounting Firm and hold not only excellent communication skills but also the ability to recognise react to client's needs. You will be CA or CPA qualified or near completion. You will consider yourself an ambitious professional with the drive to succeed and be able to work autonomously. If this sounds like an opportunity you are both qualified and excited about, please submit your resume via the SEEK application process below or for a confidential discussion surrounding any of the above responsibilities please contact Zoe Jennings at Walker Andersen Accounting on 02 8256 5020 or email zjennings@walkerandersen.com.au 
The Company An opportunity has arisen for an individual to join a global business as a Finance Business Partner to Logistics &amp; Supply Chain. The organisation are situated in the Melbourne CBD and have growth plans for the next 5 years.    The Role Reporting to the Financial Planning &amp; Analysis Manager and indirectly to Corporate Development Manager &amp; the Head of Finance, the responsibilities include;  Improving business effectiveness, efficiency and value for money byinterpreting, explaining  and driving performance, to include excellent budgeting and forecasting  Driving decision making supported by the presentation of benchmark information and economic context Challenging and advising on key business planning assumptions, trade-offs and opportunities. Providing financial analysis and telling insights to support better outcomes through providing financial input on business case costs and benefits Timely and accurate monitoring and evaluating of financial information such as budgets, month end variances and forecasts to drive decision making. Support the Head of Finance to improve finance knowledge and competency across the business Spread best practice across the organisation and work effectively with other finance and other function business partners. Advocate and drive continuous improvement across the team within finance. About You You must be able to demonstrate core finance and accounting skills, and offer commercial insight and strategic thinking combined with influencing and leadership skills. You must be an extremely strong communicator and enjoying mixing with both finance and non-finance professionals. You will most likely have strong experience as a Management Accountant and be CA/CPA Qualified. How to Apply Please send your resume by clicking on &quot;apply&quot; button below or for further information contact Josh Durr on 03 9982 8454 
 About our client: This market-leading global business is home to many famous brands. Known for its innovative culture, the business has recently been going through a period of exciting transformation. As a result, an opportunity now exists for an exceptional finance professional to join the Head Office team in Sydney's CBD. The role: Reporting to the Head of Finance Business Partnering, you will support a portfolio of businesses. Specifically you will: Work closely with each business to understand key drivers, risks/opportunities and strategic goals Identify trends and support strategic decisions through the provision of insightful analysis Ensure high quality reporting is provided by the reporting team and assist with the interpretation/implementation of accounting standards and group policies Identify and drive process improvements across your portfolio and the wider finance team Lead ad-hoc projects including business transformation initiatives as required About you: Highly motivated and proactive, you will have strong stakeholder engagement skills and be able to effectively partner with non-finance stakeholders. CA/CPA qualified, you will be able to interpret financial data, translate it into meaningful insights, communicate these insights to the business and provide recommendations. My client is open to a variety of finance backgrounds including commercial finance, financial/management accounting, systems/process improvement and project management. Those looking to make the first move out of professional services (audit, advisory etc), will absolutely also be considered. What's on offer? This is an exciting opportunity to be part of a business going through significant transformation. High performers can enjoy long term career progression opportunities including cross functional moves. Hydrogen UK Limited is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. 
 Do you want to work with an intellectually curious team working to design and develop innovative solutions for our clients? Are you looking for your next role in Technical audit? Read on! About the role The Deloitte Audit team, which is part of the Audit Technical team (AAQR) is responsible for overseeing the implementation, monitoring and maintenance of the audit and assurance practice technology solutions, including the development and management of the content included in EMS and Technical Library. As the suite of technology tools supporting the audit and assurance practice grows, the team is seeking additional team members, through either a secondment or a permanent role, to help support the expanded scope of their work plan. About you As a member of the team, the Senior Analyst will be engaged in diverse and interesting tasks and have the opportunity to regularly interact with audit and assurance technical specialists, engagement teams and IT specialists throughout the Deloitte network. The Senior Analyst will be joining a team that is responsible for supporting 1,400 professionals across 12 offices by customising, testing, maintaining and updating the technology platforms that engagement teams use to plan, execute and document their work, as well as deploying new audit technologies. Ideally you will have: A passion for understanding and deploying new/updated audit technologies Interest in development of practice aides, guides and training to support the deployment and adoption of new/updated audit technologies Strong problem solving capabilities, with an interest in innovative and creative thinking Robust working knowledge of the Deloitte Manuals (Audit Approach Manual, Deloitte Policy Manual, Review Engagements Manual) and at least 3 years' practical audit experience Advanced English communication skills (written, verbal, and presentation) Interest in working on strategic initiatives in a collaborative environment Ability to work independently and without daily supervision Good working knowledge of Microsoft Office products (e.g., Word, Excel, and PowerPoint) Ability to productively manage and work within a virtual team Strong analytic skills and attention to detail Ability and willingness to effectively communicate with all different levels of staff Professionally Qualified or Certified Auditor/Accountant (e.g., CPA / CA / ACCA) Deloitte culture We are innovative and different because YOU are¦ we pride ourselves on our team of diverse, high performing Deloitte Professionals who are talented, supportive, inclusive and social - and who are at the heart of our success. Our aim is to ensure that all our people feel comfortable to bring their whole selves to work, and as a result, create a workplace that encourages the true spirit of 'And different'. From day one at our firm you'll be considered part of the Deloitte community and our development and career progression framework will help you develop the skills and capabilities you need to succeed - in every sense of the word. At Deloitte, we assume that you perform other roles within your life¦.you could be a student, a teacher, a passionate hobbyist and a caring family member. We recognise the importance of balance and embrace agility, understanding that this means different things to each and every one of our employees. Next Step If you have questions regarding this role the Talent Acquisition Team is available to have a confidential discussion. Regarding this role, the minimum salary requirement is $68,000 including 9.5% Superannuation. Please contact Charyke Crouse on (02) 9322 5623. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu is the DTTL member firm in Australia (Deloitte Australia). Deloitte is the brand under which tens of thousands of dedicated professionals in independent firms throughout the world collaborate to provide audit, consulting, financial advisory, risk management, tax and related services to select clients. 
 A well known Retail Group our seeking a Financial Analyst to join their finance team on a 3 month contract. Your new company A successful Retail Group who are are seeking a Financial Analyst to join their finance team on a short term basis. Your new role The primary purpose of this position is to analyse and interpret key financial and non-financial information to senior leaders across finance, operations, marketing, e-commerce and merchandise areas. This includes, but is not limited to: Prepare forecasting highlighting the financial status by analysing results, monitoring variances, identifying trends and recommending actions to senior leaders Conduct financial analysis to determine present and future performance Assist with sales and expense forecasting / budgeting Present financial weekly and monthly reports and provide recommendations to senior leaders in areas of cost reduction measures, revenue generation ideas, and ways to streamline operations or increase customer satisfaction Analyse financial data by collecting, monitoring and creating financial models for decision support What you'll need to succeed You will be CA/CPA qualified: Ideally have experience in the retail sector Ability to analyse and interpret financial information Ability to influence key business stakeholders in order to achieve desired outcomes Ability to report and present financial data that is clear, concise and easily understood at all levels in the organisation What you'll get in return This is an exceptional opportunity to work for a well known Retail Group in a commercial capacity. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' or forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to bryn.morgan@hays.com.au or call Bryn Morgan on 96049633 now. 
 We are currently partnering with a pre-IPO industrial services/technology business to appoint a high impact Chief Financial Officer as a key member of the executive leadership team. They are a market leading technology services organisation providing on-site and on-line solutions to consumers and businesses, servicing Australia and New Zealand. The business are hugely passionate about technology, innovation and community, they have an ambitious growth strategy which they will execute both organically and inorganically. Therefore, the business is seeking to appoint a highly commercial CFO who has the ability to shape debate, provide commercial and strategic vision, but yet be granular to the rhythms of this fast-paced business. As a true business partner, the CFO will translate strategy to action, in particular developing initiatives to turbo charge the continued growth agenda. This may include M&amp;A and working with the business to evaluate new products and services. This is not the domain for a traditional CFO, they are seeking a transformative commercial executive with gravitas and intellect to support the ongoing success of the business. As a private company, the CFO may participate with investor presentations, as it evaluates potential capital events and therefore will participate in board meetings and manage relationships with external stakeholders including auditors, bankers and advisors. Required background and experience; Experienced finance leader who has a track record of adding value to the success of a company through an absolute understanding of its key business drivers; the capacity to generate insights; and the ability to predict future performance and manage risk B2B and B2C services sector experience which includes an independent mid-tier/sized businesses Ideally has experience managing shared services and commercial contracts ASX experience highly desirable - though not essential Complexity e.g. business scope, scale, pace, or market dynamics Desirable - private equity and/or acquisition experience IT sector is not essential, however it is essential that the CFO is interested in technology Board experience through a reporting relationship or membership with strong understanding of governance In summary, the position of CFO is a key leadership role with a direct impact on business performance and will lead the achievement of business goals with an alignment to the company's values. The focus will be for the CFO to be externally focused and to work with the MD on the expansion of the existing business across a multitude of technology related opportunities. If you are interested in learning more then please apply online, alternatively you can call Penny Galwey if you require further information on 9091 3241 quoting job reference 23536 
Our client is a leading Australian listed business whose brand sits comfortably amongst the most recognisable household names. With a dominant market share the company invests heavily in growth and innovation, and is well known for providing employees with career advancement opportunities. Due to current growth and in line with the recent strategic changes a position has become available for a Senior Commercial Analyst. As the second in command to the Commercial Manager you will be responsible for providing accurate and timely financial, analytical and forecasting support. You will also help drive all short and long term planning as well as board level reporting. The role will also require contact with senior stakeholders across the business on any ad-hoc enquiries relating to company wide performance. There will also be responsibility for the mentoring and development of an analyst in the team. Ideally you will be CA/CPA Qualified with a proven track record working in analytical roles having managed budgets in Blue Chip or Top 100 Australian Listed corporate consumer driven companies (FMCG &amp; Retail). You will be a strong communicator and able to work across all levels of stakeholders. There will also be a leadership component to the positions so if you have previous management experience or are ready for a step up please get in touch. This role will be broad and challenging and the company will provide opportunity of advancement in many areas of finance across the group. The salary package has a competitive bonus scheme as well as added benefits for example on site Retail, Gym and Staff Discounts. To apply please forward your details to Duncan McNeill by clicking on the Apply button below. Please attach your cv in WORD FORMAT ONLY when applying, or telephone the Consultant listed below for a confidential discussion. 
 Gellibrand is a non-profit organisation that provides support to people with disabilities living in the North &amp; Western Regions of Melbourne. About Gellibrand We have a strong, values-based culture, where we understand that great client support starts with great teamwork. Gellibrand is a place where you can develop your skills, and provide opportunities to find the role that fits you best. We care as much about our people as our clients. People love to work here within a supportive and flexible environment; with a family friendly approach. About the Role Gellibrand Support Services is looking for an enthusiastic Management Accountant to fill a 6 month maternity position. This role provides for family friendly hours, offering 25 hours per week. If successful, you will work closely with the Business Manager and the CEO to ensure fiscal responsibilities are maintained and the accounts managed to the required standards. Applicants should hold a CPA and at least 3 years' experience. Remuneration will be based on experience. Position Description available upon request.   To apply, please include a cover letter, CV and forward to recruitment@gellibrand.org.au Applications close on 24th of April 2018 The successful applicants will need to work 25 hours per week and meet Australian work eligibility conditions and hold a current Victorian driver's license. All positions are subject to thorough safety screening. This will include reference checks, police records checks and checking against the Disability Worker Exclusion List. Before submitting an application, please be aware that these checks need to be conducted. If you do submit an application, you are consenting to Gellibrand conducting these checks including checking your name against the Disability Worker Exclusion List. For more information please see: http://www.dhs.vic.gov.au/for-service-providers/disability/accommodation/supported-accommodation/disability-workers-exclusion-scheme-information-for-workers Any queries leave message on 03 93005400 opt 4. 
 Finance Assistant/Bookkeeper (Part-Time) An opportunity has arisen for a Part-Time Finance Assistant/Bookkeeper based at our office in Canberra City. You will report to the Finance Officer and will be responsible for day-to-day bookkeeping and administrative tasks for our group of bars. This is a part-time role of 20-25 hours per week, with the agreed working hours to be discussed with the candidate at the time of interview. POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES: Recording the financial transactions of the businesses in bookkeeping software (Xero); Reconciling bank accounts;  Management of accounts payable and receivable; Processing expenses, managing records and receipts; Processing payroll, including lodgement of superannuation, preparation of new employee packages and maintaining employee records; Preparing weekly/monthly finance reports; Compliance with monthly and quarterly tax obligations; Supporting the development of annual budgets and forecasting; Maintaining strong and accurate internal controls and accounting records; Management of multiple inboxes and maintenance of online filing system; General finance and administration tasks as required. SKILLS &amp; EXPERIENCE: Minimum Cert IV in Bookkeeping or Accounting; Thorough knowledge of Xero; Demonstrated current experience in a finance position, including accounts payable and receivable, bank reconciliations, preparation of BAS reports; Knowledge of NES and experience with processing Payroll and Superannuation; Demonstrated proficiency in Excel and Word; A demonstrated knowledge of fundamental finance and business principles; Experience working across multiple entities; Excellent communication and interpersonal skills; Ability to multi-task, prioritise and work to meet deadlines. PERSONAL QUALITIES: Enthusiastic, hard-working and have a positive approach to challenges  Highly organised with excellent attention to detail Drive and initiative with the ability to work independently and in a team Commitment and Reliability To apply, please email a cover letter and resume to accounts@lala.net.au Applications close on Friday 27th April unless a suitable candidate is found prior to this date. Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. 
 You are communicating a story to your stakeholders We are turning numbers into solutions Together we can make business partnering your business Financial Services plays a vital role in our organisation and partners with all areas of Commbank to provide specialist advice on financial management and strategy. This advice covers finance, audit, treasury, investor relations, security, general procurement and property. As a Financial Analyst, your impact will be providing the business with crucial management reporting, analysis and insights to support meaningful decision making. You will use your stakeholder management skills to build strong relationships across the business and develop a deep understanding of the business and its drivers. This will enable you to perform analytics, deliver insights and highlight opportunities to your customers. We're interested in hearing from people who are passionate about business partnering and have experience as a Financial Analyst, Management Accountant or have an audit background. Ideally, you will also have, or be studying towards a CA or CPA certification (or similar including ACCA, CIMA), have experience locally and preferably in a large organisation.  Our team is always looking to connect with finance professionals who are interested in being part of a high performing, customer-focused and passionate culture to partner with the business with the aim to drive business performance through insights and analysis. We welcome you to express you interest and learn more about Finance at Commbank by clicking below.  
 Our client is the operating owner of a central QLD open cut coal mine producing premium Coal for the export market. We are seeking a forward thinking and motivated Mine site Accountant for a residential based role in central QLD.   Responsibilities include; Monthend procedures; Monthly report; Internal cost analysis against budgets and forecasts; Internal &amp; external reporting Review adherence to commercial policies and procedures and implement business improvement initiatives. Review and analyse site costs by department and activity to meet or reduce site unit costs. Ensure all reporting are in line with agreements Ensure that all site personnel are aware of company policies and procedures with regards to finance, procurement and other commercial activities. Lead the administration team Skills and Qualifications; Financial qualifications CA/ CPA or equivalent 3+ years post graduate experience in management accounting is essential Highly developed communication, analytical, reasoning and organisations skills Budgetary and financials systems experience Demonstrated commercial acumen Previous mine site experience is essential. Salary Package; Base $115k + $27k Site allowance + short term bonus of 15% of base + company housing provided at no cost (Utilities not covered) + Super.   Please apply online at www.beilby.com.au quoting reference number 13645. For initial enquiries or for any assistance you may need in making your application, please call Sharon Justo on 0439 537 041 
 Accountant - Coffs Harbour   Our client is rapidly expanding throughout regional NSW and looking to bring on a skilled Accountant who is prepared to be an integral part of this expansion This is a dynamic organisation where no two days are the same. The client is central to everything they do. They are looking for someone with the same mindset to achieve common goals for the business and clients. You will be given the opportunity to make an impact by taking ownership over a diverse range of responsibilities, whilst taking an active interest in company objectives. .If you enjoy working face to face with a diverse range of clients; from assisting with individual taxation, small to medium sized businesses and self-managed superannuation and more, this role is for you. Your new role will include: General business consulting / business advisory, specifically in the individual Sole Trader, SME space Assist with the preparation of financial statements for business clients Preparation of tax returns for individuals and business clients Assist with preparation of monthly/ quarterly BAS / IAS returns for individuals and business clients Establishing SMSF and processing SMSF reports and working with clients within the SMSF compliance framework To be successful in this role you will possess the following skills and attributes: Minimum of a Bachelor Degree in Business, Accounting, Commerce or a related field with a least 3-5 years practical experience. RG416 accreditation highly regarded CA or CPA qualified, or working towards membership of a professional organisation will be well regarded but not essential. Demonstrated exposure to SMSF processes and frameworks highly desirable Experience in audit processes desirable Up to date knowledge of accounting standards and practice A current knowledge of Australian Taxation including the successful completion of an Australian Taxation module in your academic studies A high level of attention to detail with initiative and a positive approach to resolving client issues Above all be a highly driven individual with a 'can do' attitude who can work in a diverse environment If this sounds like you, APPLY NOW by submitting your resume, and covering letter.Alternatively, should you wish to discuss this opportunity, please contact our office for a confidential discussion.   Kel Brennan Branch Manager “ Coffs Harbour Complete Staff Solutions 02 6652 5757 
 As the Part Time Fixed Assets Officer you will work closely with the Engineering/Construction division and be responsible for asset management for a variety of projects. The role will give you access to senior management in the division also. As the Part Time Fixed Assets Officer you will provide essential accounting support to the Finance team and senior management. The role will be based in the organisation's corporate headquarters on Sydney's North Shore. Key Responsibilities As the Part Time Fixed Assets Officer you will manage all financial transactions in relation to asset activities in the Corporate Asset Management System Ensure capital projects are capitalised as assets in the Corporate Asset Management System in compliance with appropriate accounting standards Ensure ongoing distinction between financial and non-financial assets Key Requirements 3+ years experience with fixed assets management Intermediate to advanced experience in Excel is essential Faultless communication skills both written and verbal Extensive reporting experience across a variety of functions This is a great opportunity for an experienced accounts professional who is looking for a part time, flexible working arrangement. Parking is provided nearby to the office. To apply please click apply or call Hamish Smith on 02 8423 1006 for a confidential discussion. 
 About Us Crowe Horwath in Australasia is the largest provider of accounting, audit, tax, business and financial advice to individuals and small and medium enterprises. From a comprehensive network of over 110 offices located in regional, rural and metropolitan areas, we combine local knowledge with world class technology to help you on your financial journey. Our vast geographical footprint and team of over 3,000 principals, professionals and support staff provides you access to expertise across the entire range of financial services, ensuring more than just financial advice. With affiliations to our global network, Crowe Horwath International is ranked amongst the top 10 global accounting networks, and is known for delivering quality accounting and advisory services in more than 130 countries. We are the relationship that you can count on - large enough to offer a range of expertise and skills - and small enough to provide the personal touch The Role Our Business Advisory Division is committed to providing strategic advice, innovative solutions and service excellence to large middle market businesses and small to medium enterprises. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a talented and experienced Senior Accountant to join the Business Advisory team in our Sydney CBD office. This role will provide you with the opportunity to work within a very talented high performing team and give you access to some interesting and both established and emerging clients. You will be encouraged to be the best that you can be and afforded opportunities to continuously develop yourself through on the job learning or specific training tailored to your needs. Your responsibilities will be to: Engage with the leaders of our firm, not just in business advisory Continuously develop yourself Continuously develop our new graduates and junior accountants Mentor and coach junior team members, not just on work flow but on career development and progression Manage a portfolio of clients across a broad range of industries And will be to manage a business, our business, a business focused on our people and our clients! To be successful in this role you will be required to establish and maintain positive client relationships, be able to collaborate and work in a team, possess excellent written and verbal communication skills together with:  Ownership qualities and the ability to successful manage workflow and junior accountants Proactive attitude, self-motivated and ability to work unsupervised and in a team environment Strong technical skills including knowledge of income tax, company tax, CGT, FBT, trusts, Division 7a, management accounting and reporting Experience in preparing financial statements and tax returns for companies, trusts, partnerships Strong Excel, MYOB and Xero skills including payroll Ability to complete and supervise an engagement involving multiple entities and various structures from beginning to end Experienced in a broad range of tax, accounting and business matters such as Proficient at providing constructive feedback to junior team members following comprehensive reviews of client engagements The successful candidate would have a minimum of 4 years' experience and CA/CPA qualifications. In return, Crowe Horwath provides a professional and friendly working environment with great culture, benefits and ongoing career development opportunities. Next Steps: If you're ready to take the next step in your Chartered career, in a dynamic, growth-focused Accounting firm, then this role is for you. To be considered for this role please apply with your Cover Letter and Resume. Please note only successful candidates will be contacted and applications from recruitment agencies will not be considered at this time. 
 Organisation background:   Radio 4EB is Queensland's premier ethnic community radio station and has been broadcasting on a regular basis since 1979. Radio 4EB has been established to provide the communities of South East Queensland with a comprehensive ethnic broadcasting service of a high standard.   Over 800 volunteer programmers present more than 130 programs that go to air each week. The station broadcasts in over 50 languages including English, 24hours a day, and 365 days a year via 2 channels of FM and Digital radios.   Position purpose:   This is a 4-day per week position and the successful candidate will be responsible for the internal accounting procedures of Radio 4EB, as well as relevant administration tasks.   Required qualities: Professional approach Ability to work under pressure Organisational and time management skills Excellent attention to detail Skills and competencies: Advanced working knowledge of Microsoft Word and Excel Working knowledge of MYOB and XERO (or other similar accounting softwares) Knowledge of various legislative requirements including PAYG tax, Superannuation, workers compensation and other Industrial Relations Maintenance of Accounts Payable Register and  Accounts  Receivable Reconciliation of Petty cash and weekly banking Preparation of quarterly BAS statement  Assist with preparation of the budget Grant acquittal and financial reporting Monthly issue of member group statements Liaise with the auditor to produce an annual financial statement Ability to assist and support others as required and work as a team member Ability to communicate clearly and concisely To discuss any aspect of the role or to find more information please contact the station on 07 3240 8600, or via info@4eb.org.au. Application closes on midnight Friday 27th of April.    
 Coventry Group Ltd (CGL) is a publicly listed company that operates throughout Australia and New Zealand. CGL is and principally a distributor of industrial products with distinct businesses that trade as: Trade Distribution Australia and New Zealand Cooper Fluid Systems Coventry group We are looking for an experienced Accounts Payable Officer to join our team located in Thomastown. The Role Working within a small team, reporting to a supportive and experienced Accounts Payable Supervisor this is a busy, high volume Accounts Payable role. Your responsibilities will include the following: Process supplier invoices via our Optical Character Recognition (OCR) system, Process a high volume of expense invoices, Matching of stock invoices through our Onbase system, Resolving invoice discrepancies, Processing Credit claims, Attend to queries and account reconciliations. Skills and experience: Oracle experience is preferred but not essential, At least 2 years AP experience in a high volume environment, High level of accuracy and attention to detail, Excellent phone and communication skills, Intermediate Microsoft office skills. You will be joining a dynamic business with ongoing training and support provided. This is a great opportunity for a candidate who is keen to further their finance career within a driven National Organisation. Coventry Group Limited is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Privacy Statement: Coventry Group Ltd is committed to protecting the privacy, confidentially and security of personal information provided by yourself to the Group. As such all information provided will be stored and maintained according to the legislative provisions of the Privacy Act and any other relevant legislation. 
 Duties Commonwealth Grants Commission The Commonwealth Grants Commission advises the Australian Government on how the Goods and Services Tax revenue should be distributed among the States and Territories.  The Commission requires an experienced Finance Manager who, under the broad guidance of the Chief Finance Officer, will have full responsibility for the day to day management of the finance team including:  Deliver and implement best practices in all finance related areas including internal/external budgets, financial management and associated systems;  Detailed planning &amp; analysis activities on behalf of the Commission.  Display highly developed inter-personal and communication skills;  Sound understanding of the financial impacts of human resource, security and property related policies and decisions; and  Manage and work as part of a small corporate support team; Eligibility This position is an ongoing fulltime role at a broad-banded APS6/EL 1 level. Applicants should be Australian Citizens and be eligible for, and maintain, a Negative Vetting Level 1 security clearance.     Notes Applications: You are not required to address each selection criteria consecutively “ a detailed statement addressing the criteria and relating your experience and skills to your assessment of the Commission's requirements is sufficient. Please submit your response in no more than 1200 words, indicate the level being applied for (APS6/EL1), current resume and details of 2 referees (including your current supervisor). Referees will only be contacted for the preferred candidate. Please ensure you have included the application cover sheet.  The Commission is located in Braddon, ACT.  Selection Documentation: Copies of the duty statements and selection criteria for the position may be obtained from Dylan Hayes at Chandler Macleod, on 6268 9907 (cgcjobs@chandlermacleod.com) or from the Commission's internet address http://www.cgc.gov.au  The closing date for the position is COB 27 April 2018. Please forward your application to: cgcjobs@chandlermacleod.com or Chandler MacLeod Level 3 243 Northbourne Ave, Lyneham ACT 2602 
About the Role Sharp &amp; Carter has been engaged to source a Finance Business Partner for a growing entertainment and events organisation based in the CBD. This role will be well suited to an individual looking to kick-start their career with a first move from Big 4 or mid-tier environment. Reporting into the CFO this role is highly visible to the business and it's continued growth plans.   Duties Working closely and in cooperation with the CFO and Finance Manager your primary focus will be centralised around providing value added decision making support and critical strategic analysis to the board of directors. As such, your duties will include (among others): Analyse and comment on month end results Review and assessment of financial performance through monthly P&amp;L variance analysis and Balance Sheet reconciliations Liaise with the wider business to provide financial insights and advice Preparation of divisional and consolidated management reports for Board of Directors Coordination of the annual budgeting process and re-forecasting process Preparation of financial statements and principal point of contact for external auditors during the annual audit process Skills and Experience To be successful in this role, you will have excellent commercial/analysis acumen with a willingness to be adaptable and to wear multiple hats. You will ideally have started your career in a Big 4/Mid-tier environment or a large and complex commercial environment. It is imperative you have strong Excel, accounting, analytical, and communication skills. Inter-personally you are bright, engaging, confident, and can easily build strong professional relationships across an organisation.  Benefits Growing business and role  CBD Location $100,000 - $115,000 (base + super) + benefits  Excellent working conditions  How to Apply To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Haydn Glass on 03 9616 2656. 
 The role   Reporting to the Team Lead, Accounts Payable you will undertake payment of accounts including but not limited reconciliations, account coding, checking, compliancy and data entry and matching of supporting documentation.  In preparations for the payment of accounts you will ensure that all payments are completed within relevant legislation, policies and procedures applicable to the accounts payable function, accurately, efficiently and within departmental priorities. You will input, update and retrieve data from the Departmental Finance system, the Finance and Materials Management Information System (FAMMIS). In addition, you will also provide advice on accounts payable issues through communication and consultation with vendors, customers and Queensland Health.  The successful person You will have demonstrable experience in communication, problem solving and the ability to work effectively in a team environment, meet deadlines and organise work priorities. You will have knowledge of an integrated computerised financial management system and other software applications (eg databases, spreadsheets) relevant to an accounts payable unit, including data entry and retrieval skills. You will have knowledge of, or the ability to acquire knowledge of relevant legislation, policies and procedures applicable to the accounts payable function consistent with Queensland Health and other government agency directives. In addition, you will have a proven track record in building and maintaining appropriate relationships with team members, clients and stakeholders. About us The Department of Health is responsible for the overall management of the public health system in Queensland.  We are an organisation that strongly believes in the need to work with people who value the goals of our organisation and who will thrive in our workplace.  Working at the Department of Health is about making a difference. Corporate Services Division provides business, corporate and operational services to the Department of Health and, in certain circumstances, to the broader Queensland public health system (Queensland Health, comprising the department and 16 hospital and health services). The division is responsible for leading the department's budget, financial reporting processes, human resource services, knowledge management, legal services, business enhancement and facilities management activities.  More broadly, the division is also responsible for leading system-wide industrial relations activities, major capital infrastructure delivery projects, certain human resources functions undertaken on a system-wide basis, and other corporate services functions. Corporate Services Division leads a ˜shared services' approach to the operational activities of the Department of Health, supporting hospital and health services in the delivery of care to patients and the activities of the department by providing key information and support that enables system leadership and necessary corporate and business functions to be undertaken. Benefits of working with the Department of Health By joining the Department of Health you will work within a fast-paced, challenging and supportive environment where every employee plays a critical role in our ongoing success.  You will enjoy a variety of benefits, including:     Competitive salary + generous superannuation and leave loading     Flexible working arrangements     Diverse work culture     Career training and development To apply for this exciting opportunity, please submit your resume and a cover letter (maximum 2 pages) outlining your skills and experience relevant for this role. 
 Driclad Pool Technologies is an established manufacturer and wholesaler of above ground pools. Driclad's pools have been a feature in backyards across Australia for over 50 years.  About the role As a small business, our staff members are integral and work closely together in order to build and improve our business. As the in-house Finance and Admin Manager, the success of our business will depend on an organised yet flexible individual with an aptitude for interpersonal communication. This is a great opportunity to join a newly established team focused on growing the business. To be successful in the role and to hit the ground running, experience completing the following tasks would be perfect; Accounts Payable - invoice reconciliation and payments Bank reconciliation Bad debt management. Ad-hoc reporting Payroll Sales/Profitability Analysis BAS calculations and submission P&amp;L and Balance Sheet management Aged debtor reporting Cashflow construction and forecasting Use of Pronto ERP systems, Excel and other Microsoft programs Chart of accounts management Some order processing. Assistance with Customer service If you can demonstrate your qualified love of numbers and would like to work in a small team multi-tasking across different aspects of the business, are available 9am to 5pm, 5 days a week, please apply now. Only candidates going forward for interviews will be contacted. 
The Company A leading real estate private equity group, with significant institutional capital partnerships and a full investment pipeline for Australian real estate. The group have invested $0.5bn in the most recent 12 month period, which as a growing semi-start up enterprise has equated to one sizeable transaction per quarter. Sydney based - with a national portfolio, and growing FUM. The Opportunity A newly created role within the investment management team for Big 4 trained accountant, audit, transaction services executive to make their transition into a real estate private equity group. The role will be broad and certainly encompass acquisition &amp; development deal flow, capital relationship management, complex deal structuring and ongoing reporting. From a private equity perspective the core analytical skills needed - equity, debt &amp; modelling. You will be preparing IC papers for deals, and as part of a small team, taking those to equity investors for approvals.  This opening can elevate your skills and experience within the real estate capital markets sector at fast pace. The Candidate We are seeking top tier financial modelling experience, ideally gathered within either the real estate or property teams of the big 4.  This role has a great deal of blue sky opportunity for an ambitious individual. To find out more about this role please contact John Jannaway on 02 9146 6660 or email; john@capstonerecruitment.com.au 
 Randstad are recruiting for a medium sized ASX listed organisation that has shown solid, sustained growth over the past 5 years and that is in an industry with a good outlook for the future. They are looking for someone to lead the payroll function. Reporting into the head of finance, the role will be responsible for managing the payroll team, with full control and responsibility for a payroll of over 6,000 staff who are paid on both fortnightly and monthly bases. The Company: The company's share price has increased 17% in the past year, they have a turnover of in excess of $500 million and are desirably placed in their sector to grow further. They made a solid profit result in their results for last year and EBITDA increased by 6% year on year. They are therefore growing at a very stable rate, they're looking to grow over the long term and will be expanding over the next few months. As a business they offer vital services to the community, their expertise is valued in their sector, they are a large player on industry boards and they have a serious attitude to corporate social responsibility. The finance team Payroll in this company reports to the finance team, which means your reporting line will be to the general manager of finance. You will have close relationships with HR and IT teams as you would expect. The IT team has a payroll systems specialist to assist with the changes to configurations of their systems which are: Chris21, time target (T&amp;A) and Page Up (ATS). The workplace is a collaborative one and there is very little working in silos within the department. For example, projects that are run at the moment have particular project teams formed by utilising members from different departments. The payroll team is also integrated heavily into the finance team. The Payroll team You will be taking over a team that has a headcount of 8, 6 payroll officer FTEs and two senior payroll officer FTEs. The team is made up of people at different levels in their experience and the payroll team is quite diverse. You will find yourself being able to coach people at different levels, from those training for team leader positions to people just starting their career in payroll. The Payroll - 6,000 - 7,000 employees (depending on seasonality) - Payroll System - Chris 21 - T&amp;A System - Time Target - ATS system - Page Up - Enterprise Bargaining Agreements (EBA)s -12 - Awards - 12 - 15 (depending on seasonality) The Expectations - To up-skill the payroll team by coaching and developing them. - To incorporate any acquisitions into the payroll, map the processes and make resource plans appropriately. - To take responsibility to ensure the payroll balances each month and to ensure it's reconciled to the g/l. - Making sure that payrolls are run on time and with a minimal errors. - Ensuring a customer focused response to employee queries. - Improving processes across the end to end payroll process. The Opportunity - You'll be joining an organisation that is growing and becoming an employer of choice in the Melbourne market, you'll be able to shape a company's payroll processes and put in place structures for the long term. - You will be given the authority, stability and trust to improve the team and take them in your direction. - You will have a general manager who is open to ideas and process improvements. If you are interested please contact David Andrews at Randstad Melbourne (0383191178) or apply below to discuss. The Process Applicants are encouraged to apply sooner rather than later, all applications will receive a response. 
The Group High performing fund and asset management business in the property sector. The Role You will be responsible for: Defining requirements for software solutions Implementing software solutions and associated process changes Preforming strategic planning at an organizational, operational and IT level Work with nationally recognized REITs, Institutional Investors, Developers in varying industry segments including office, retail, multi- family, industrial, and hotel/resort Undertaking diagnostic analysis from an operational process and IT effectiveness view Suggesting and implementing leading practices and process improvements   The Person  You will have prior experience in business analysis and system implementations in the property sector. Professional services will also be considered. Strong communication, stakeholder management and organizational skills will ensure your success in this securing this role. 
An industry leading entertainment brand currently seek a bright commercial analyst to join their CBD based office. You will be a key point of contact for numerous departments across the group by providing ad hoc reports, budgets and forecasts. You will also play a key role during month end, posting journals and providing monthly variance analysis. This is a fantastic opportunity if you've an interest in film and TV and a desire to excel in commercial finance.  Responsibilities and Duties: Preparation of month end journals, monthly financial reports and variance analysis for management Planning and preparation of annual budgets and quarterly forecasts Preparation of ad hoc reports as required Preparation of data for the capitalization of fixed assets Weekly capex forecast report Training staff in finance systems including credit card reconciliations In order to be considered for this role, you will possess a bachelor's degree in accounting or business and will have started/intend to start studying towards CA/CPA. Excellent Excel skills is a must as is the ability to be able to communicate effectively with stakeholders at all levels. Previous experience of working within media is desirable though an interest in the industry is essential. 
 Opportunity has emerged for Manager, Finance Partner Treasury Showcase your in-depth Finance Partnering experience 12 month fixed term contract   We're NAB For more than 150 years, we've been helping our customers with their money. Today, we have more than 35,000 people serving 10 million customers at more than 800 locations in Australia, New Zealand and around the world. We have built our business on understanding our customers and supporting them. We aim to take the hard work out of banking. As Australia's largest business bank, we work with small, medium and large businesses to help them start, run and grow. We fund some of the most important infrastructure in our communities “ including schools, hospitals and roads. And we do it in a way that's responsible, inclusive and innovative. More than money We know that to be Australia and New Zealand's most respected bank, we need to be good with money. And we need to be just as good with people, too. About the role   The role of a Manager, Finance Partner Treasury will be to provide commercial financial leadership and advice to the business, through understanding and interpreting financial results and business trends; creating insights to assist the business to understand plan challenges and opportunities ensuring the business meets their key objectives; coupled with enabling effective business decision making and drive stronger business performance. Accountabilities In this pivotal and exciting role, your key responsibilities will include: Provide strategic and commercial advice through partnering with the business to provide/present, financial and non-financial results, performance drivers &amp; trends, scenarios to enable a deeper understanding of the business performance and stronger business decision making. Identify financial performance trends, both positive and negative, and, through critical review &amp; analysis of internal and external factors, develop and recommend short and longer term strategies to improve business performance. Work with the central planning teams to relay business knowledge that can be leveraged during the target setting and planning process. Engage and liaise with the business and their partners around executing plan target allocations. Create insights to assist the business in understanding plan challenges and opportunities to meet plan. Interface and engagement between business and Group Finance teams for technical issues. Skills and experience You will have demonstrated experience working in a similar senior Finance Partner role supporting a Treasury function within a large financial services organisation. You will have a proven deep understanding and knowledge of Treasury, hedge accounting, and finance markets and products; as well as ideally previous experience working in a Product Control function. Your extensive background in commercial and financial management planning and reporting along with your demonstrated analytical and financial modeling capabilities will ensure your success in this position. You will have highly evolved communication skills coupled with critical thinking and ability to engage and influence across a wide range of stakeholders. A relevant qualification in Commerce, Accounting or Business; and post tertiary qualification (CFA, CA, CPA, Masters of Finance etc.) is essential. Culture We believe in people with ideas and dreams, and we want you to achieve your aspirations. At NAB we work together to deliver exceptional outcomes that push the limits of expectations. Our passion about creating value and exceeding our customers' expectations means we're constantly striving to redefine our standards of excellence. How to apply If you are ready to take the next step in your career, we are keen to hear from you! Please note, candidate screening and interviews may take place prior to the advertised close date. To be eligible to apply, you must have Australian or New Zealand citizenship or permanent residency status. Please apply via the link. We embrace diversity of thought, style and working arrangements to ensure our workforce is representative of the community that we serve. 
 Immediate contract job for a Senior Accountant / Finance Manager. Darwin. Poss permanent. $110k-$130k Your new company We are seeking an experienced Finance Manager and Accountant for an immediate opportunity to be responsible for the overall financial management of a medium to large private sector organisation in Darwin. Your new role You will be responsible for overseeing the small finance team, and with a strong focus on the end of financial year activities, you will also be responsible for general finance activities, forecasting, budgeting, and so on. What you'll need to succeed As an experienced Finance Manager, you will have previous financial accounting / management experience with a tertiary qualification in Accounting, Commerce or similar; and ideally full CPA / CA status or be working towards this. You will have extensive post-qualification financial management experience and experience with year-end accounting. What you'll get in return In return, you will receive a very competitive rate for an immediate contract and an opportunity to share your expertise and advance your career. A permanent opportunity may be on offer, although no guarantees. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, please click 'apply now' or forward an up-to-date copy of your resume in word format (doc.) to hayley.schwab@hays.com.au If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. At Hays, we value diversity and are passionate about placing people in a role where they can flourish and succeed. We actively encourage people from diverse backgrounds to apply. 
 Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply for this position Yulu-Burri-Ba Aboriginal Corporation for Community Health provides a safe, confidential and culturally appropriate primary and specialist health care service in line with community needs at three clinics - North Stradbroke Island, Wynnum and Capalaba, Reporting to Finance Manager, your responsibilities will include but are not limited to: Overseeing and managing the daily program for accounts payable, accounts receivable and banking, Assisting in all aspects of acquisition, administration, finance, capital protection and operation of assets Providing quality service to both internal and external customers Streamlining work processes Providing analytical data on issues, trends, financial matters Assisting in the preparation of monthly financial reports Maintaining the integrity and confidentiality in line with the Code of Conduct and complying with all corporate policies and procedures The successful candidate will have: A degree in Accounting and/or Business Commerce Two years experience in Financial Accounting Knowledge and skills in Quality Improvement Processes Knowledge of financial software systems (MYOB preferred) Excellent computer skills A desire to take their career to the next level with an ability to develop effective managerial skills, financial management, coordination and leading teams To apply: Applications including a current resume and a covering letter addressing the key requirements should be sent via Seek.com.au For further information about the position, please: email hr@ybb.com.au or phone HR Manager (07) 3409 9695 APPLICATIONS CLOSE “ 5pm Monday 7 May 2018 
 Newly created position for a Business Analyst to join an already successful team and assist the organisation through a rapid growth phase. This growing organisation is looking for a Business Analyst to join them on a permanent basis. Reporting to the Finance Manager, this is a key role within the organisation. Key Responsibilities:  Prepare reports and financial analysis for various management team meetings  Participate in value creation and operational excellence initiatives  Understanding and communicating variance to budget  Ad-hoc analysis on KPIs and performance of the business units  Develop innovative tools and analysis models to understand profitability, enable business decisions and improve information flow Key Requirements:  CA/ CAP Qualified or training towards  Outstanding analytical skills with the ability to interpret data and analyse findings  Experience with ROI modelling and pricing strategies  Ability to critically review and improve business processes  Manufacturing industry experience would be advantageous  Advanced Excel skills  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills This role will give you the opportunity to work within a well respected organisation that boasts excellent on site facilities and encourages a positive work/life balance. Conveniently located in Sydney's Western Suburb's close to public transport. To apply please click apply or call Adam Mills on 02 8¦show number for a confidential discussion. 
 An experienced management accountant with strong cash flow management experience is required to join this international market leading technology business. Manage and provide administrative support for all bank accounts across Daily processing of cash transactions through the bank accounts Create and maintain daily and weekly cash flow forecasts Process all financial entries associated with payroll activity Produce and maintain management reports regarding payroll and headcount related activity Provide support to Accounts Payable to ensure payment batches clear appropriately. Provide management accounting support for international operations across APAC and EMEA Undertake and maintain ledger reconciliations for areas of responsibility Prepare and lodge monthly overseas VAT returns Coordinate and assist external auditors to complete Statutory Reporting requirements for overseas operations To be considered for this role you will be CPA/CA qualified with at least five years industry experience. You will be comfortable being hands-on and familiar in using an ERP System, ideally SAP. Please submit your resume ASAP as we are looking to move quickly with this position. Please contact Rachel Morton 03 8399 9318 for further information. 
Austin Hospital Permanent Full Time Austin Health is the major provider of tertiary health services, health professional education and research across 3 campuses in the northeast of Melbourne and state-wide. Austin Health is world-renowned for its research and specialist work in cancer, liver transplantation, spinal cord injuries, neurology, endocrinology, mental health and rehabilitation. An exciting opportunity currently exists for an enthusiastic and highly experienced Senior Finance Business Partner to join our Finance Department. The Finance Department provides services covering: FP&amp;A, incorporating budgeting and financial analysis, Financial Accounting, incorporating Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable (patient billing and sundry debtors); Private Practice administration, Cash Management and Investments. The total revenue of the hospital is approximately $700 million per annum. The Finance Department is currently located on the Austin campus of the hospital. Drive the effective implementation of a Finance service delivery model focused on partnering with operational managers to ensure sound financial management, accurate budgeting &amp; forecast, support decision making and facilitate the achievement of strategic outcomes of Tier 1 business unit/s. To be successful in this role you must demonstrate/Key responsibilities will include: A commitment to Austin Health values: Integrity, Accountability, Respect and Excellence. High quality skills in managing a customer service role in providing budget advice and financial management services. Demonstrated experience in financial analysis and budget services. Relevant tertiary qualifications in commerce, business, accounting, economics, law, administration, finance or a similar area. Ability to develop a thorough understanding of Government service purchasing arrangements in acute health, sub-acute, aged care and/or mental health services. Ability to quickly develop a thorough knowledge of Government Reporting Regulations, Department of Human Services funding policies and service agreements, regulations and by-laws applicable to the Health Service. Ability to undertake sophisticated costing analyses. Demonstrated highly developed interpersonal, negotiation and communication skills. Demonstrated initiative and the ability to develop innovative solutions to problems. Work with us! Your reward is to work in a collaborative environment which will provide you with opportunities for ongoing training and development. Your benefits will include salary packaging, and employee assistance program. All appointments are made subject to a satisfactory National Police Check conducted by Austin Health and if required, a Working With Children Check. Austin Health is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to attracting and retaining a diverse workforce that reflects the community we serve.  Applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders are encouraged. Enquiries: Diana Ortisi Ph: (03) 9496 4595 Applications Close: 26/04/2018 To view the position description or submit your application please click the 'Apply Now' button below. 
 Make a strategic and personal investment into addressing structural and individual disadvantage in Australia Utilise your experience to assist Australians in need Location “ Grafton, NSW Permanent Full-Time Position Not-for-Profit Salary Packaging benefits available About Us Many Rivers is a not-for-profit organisation that provides microenterprise development services to Australians living in disadvantaged contexts. We have a special focus on Indigenous Australians, in regional and remote communities. Many clients are seeking to move from welfare dependency to self-reliance and to making a valuable contribution to their communities and to the broader economy. Many Rivers commenced operations in April 2008 from Grafton NSW and has grown to 24 Field Officers in 22 locations in Queensland and the Northern Territory, New South Wales, Victoria, Western Australia and South Australia. Our Approach When people impacted by disadvantage are not able to participate in the real economy they remain disadvantaged and unable to move forward. In many of the regional and remote communities where we work there are limited job opportunities. Therefore, to create real economic growth and increase the chance for those in disadvantaged situations to overcome multiple economic and social challenges, we need to support enterprise creation and provide connection to the mainstream economies. This in turn creates sustainable employment, where there are currently limited opportunities. The Many Rivers approach is to address structural barriers to economic participation. We assist clients to start business, stay in business and thrive in business. About the role This is a Finance &amp; Operations Support role requiring an experienced person to deliver accounting, payroll and operational support services.  Working within our Grafton Finance Support Hub you will be part of a team of Finance &amp; Operations Support Officers collectively focused on maximising Field Officer client facing time through process centralisation and support.  If you are a dynamic, team-centric person ready to make a strategic and personal investment into addressing disadvantage in Australia, this role is for you! Primary Role Responsibilities Accounting Support, including month and year end close activities, such as GL reconciliations, subledger maintenance, budget variance analysis, and assistance with reporting requirements. Operations Support, including procurement, asset management and IT&amp;T service monitoring. Payroll administration. Accounts payable and receivable. Qualifications &amp; Experience Tertiary qualification in Accounting or related discipline (Diploma or Bachelor preferred). Minimum three years' accounting experience (Business Services or Audit experience within an accounting firm preferred). Demonstrated experience supporting a client facing workforce. Acute attention to detail and accuracy. A strong drive for operational excellence and continuous improvement. Experience utilising ERP/Financial systems, Xero or NAV (preferred). Advanced Excel skills. As part of our employment screening process you will be required to undertake a National Criminal Check. Benefits Salary commensurate with role, applicant experience and opportunity to make a significant contribution. Not for Profit Salary Packaging benefits which reduces your taxable income. A full Position Description is available at www.manyrivers.org.au/pd/foso. How to Apply Please email a cover letter and resume to careers@manyrivers.org.au, using the subject line: Finance &amp; Operations Support Officer application. Suitable applicants who identify as Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander are encouraged to apply.  Overseas applicants will not be considered for this position.  Applications close midnight Wednesday, 2 May 2018. For further information please email careers@manyrivers.org.au or visit www.manyrivers.org.au. 
 Our client is a well established public practice firm in Carlton. Although they've been around for a long time, they're currently going through a brand refresh, have recently moved into stunning new offices, and are in the process of rolling out a new website and corporate image. Their client base doesn't get much more stable. They don't need to actively market as work comes to them based off their reputation. They're currently under capacity, and as a result, are actively looking to expand their team.  As their newest team member, you can expect to be supported in cultivating and managing successful relationships with clients, referrers and various authorities. Your career path will not only be your focus but will be a focus of the team you work with. Their philosophy is that no one can succeed and achieve their goals without the full support of their team.   They have a policy of investing in staff and continued development of their skills, knowledge and experience. You will experience ongoing professional development through diverse experiences, training and educational programs to improve key skills, knowledge and the level of service provided to clients.   About You You demonstrate the self-drive and leadership required to be successful, and your hands-on approach to work is dynamic and energetic. You will have strong technical accounting skills, business acumen, core systems &amp; process skills and a dedicated &amp; supportive approach to team-work.   You will be responsible for growing an existing diverse client base and working with a broad range of clients including large and complex family groups. You will have a level of responsibility around managing workflow for the team and require excellent client management skills. Salary commensurate with experience will be negotiated with the successful applicant. 
 Careers &amp; Candidates has been engaged exclusively, by our Client to source Candidates for the role of Finance Manager / Controller. Our Client is a very successful business, with a long track record of success and innovation. The role will will lead the finance team, but you will still get to be hands-on with your accounting and producing reports. The team currently produces a very accurate and reliable set of accounts, and there is a real opportunity to take the team forward into a more commercial paradigm. The ELT and owners are looking for much more commercial support from the finance team. A key part of your role, will be to understand the drivers of the business, what the management team wants in regard to commercial support and then to develop and deliver. With delivery, will come trust and a more commercial role for finance to influence the business. While you are excited by the commercial and cultural change management entailed in this role, there remains responsibility for financial accounting - so, you will need to want to be involved in the reporting and compliance side, too.  You enjoy understanding the business and what drives it. This includes profitability, but also understanding how people tick and are motivated, so you can work with the business to implement change. If this sounds like you, then we look forward to your application. 
 Do you want to work with an intellectually curious team working to design and develop innovative solutions for our clients? Are you looking for your next role in Technical audit? Read on! About the role The Deloitte Audit team, which is part of the Audit Technical team (AAQR) is responsible for overseeing the implementation, monitoring and maintenance of the audit and assurance practice's technology solutions, including the development and management of the content included in EMS and Technical Library. As the suite of technology tools supporting the audit and assurance practice grows so too does the underlying content included within. Thus, the team is seeking additional team members, through either a secondment or a permanent role, to help support the expanded scope of their work plan. About you As a member of the team, the manager will be engaged in diverse and interesting tasks and have the opportunity to regularly interact with audit/assurance technical specialists, engagement teams and IT specialists throughout the Deloitte network. The manager will be joining a team that is responsible for supporting 1,400 professionals across 12 offices by customising, testing, maintaining and updating the technology platforms that engagement teams use to plan, execute and document their work. This also includes the development and maintenance of content within these tools which provides guidance and facilitates engagement teams' compliance with Australian Auditing and Assurance standards, IFRS and the Deloitte Policy Manual. Ideally you will have: Robust working knowledge of the audit methodology and enabling tools and technologies, including EMS Interest in improving the underlying content within EMS and Technical Library Strong organisation and management skills Advanced English communication skills (written, verbal, and presentation) Strong analytic skills and attention to detail Interest in gaining experience in the AAQR team more broadly Ability to productively manage and work within a virtual team Interest in working on strategic initiatives in a collaborative environment Strong problem solving capabilities, with an interest in innovative and creative thinking Ability to manage projects effectively through to completion Good working knowledge of Microsoft Office products (e.g., Word, Excel, and PowerPoint) Ability and willingness to effectively communicate with all different levels of staff Professionally Qualified or Certified Auditor/Accountant (e.g., CPA / CA / ACCA) Deloitte culture We are innovative and different because YOU are¦ we pride ourselves on our team of diverse, high performing Deloitte Professionals who are talented, supportive, inclusive and social - and who are at the heart of our success. Our aim is to ensure that all our people feel comfortable to bring their whole selves to work, and as a result, create a workplace that encourages the true spirit of 'And different'. From day one at our firm you'll be considered part of the Deloitte community and our development and career progression framework will help you develop the skills and capabilities you need to succeed - in every sense of the word. At Deloitte, we assume that you perform other roles within your life¦.you could be a student, a teacher, a passionate hobbyist and a caring family member. We recognise the importance of balance and embrace agility, understanding that this means different things to each and every one of our employees. Next Step If you have questions regarding this role the Talent Acquisition Team is available to have a confidential discussion. Regarding this role, the minimum salary requirement is $85,000 including 9.5% Superannuation. For more information on this role, you can contact Charyke Crouse on (2) 9322 5623. 
 About the company Based in the Sydney CBD, we are highly passionate about helping high net worth individuals and SME owners to maximise their wealth creation strategies and to increase their business values through our holistic approaches. Our firm offers the following services: Business Advisory, Accounting and Tax, SMSF strategies, Mortgage Finance/Insurance, and Virtual CFO Services. About the role Due to the ongoing growth of the business, we are currently seeking an energetic, career driven and self-starter Senior Intermediate accountant for the Business Advisory and Accounting areas to join our fantastic team. Rather than just treating each task as a job, you will aim to educate our clients with financial knowledge so they have the complete transparency in the affairs of their business. Duties &amp; responsibilities Contact clients directly Provision of Tax and Business Advice for a variety of Clients in various industries and group structures Assistance in the Business and firm's development where required Assisting the Senior Accountant with the management of the flow of the team and team budgets  Developing the understanding in other advisory areas such as mortgage, insurance, and virtual CFO reporting. Skills &amp; experienced Exceptional written and verbal communication skills Must be an Australian Resident 4-5 years full-time experience in a &quot;local&quot; public practice Completed or near completion of CA/CPA Solid understanding of tax and accounting fundamentals Strong experience with Xero   Proven ability to develop and build client relationships Ability to build rapport with the team Experience in managing a team and team budgets Previous experience and exposure in complex group tax structures Proficiency in Mandarin is compulsory Benefits &amp; culture Competitive salary package Be part of a Boutique Multi-Disciplinary Firm in the Sydney CBD  Learn from a Managing Director with a proven firm track record. Opportunity to learn the essentials to become a commercially savvy business advisor Opportunity for growth to Senior or Manager level opportunities Modern and vibrant office Face-to-face exposure with clients Exposure to some of the firm's top clients  To express your interest in this role 'apply now' via SEEK with your resume and cover letter attached. 
 Hays Hurstville are in need of an experienced Payroll Administrator to assist the Payroll team. Your new company Your new company is located in the Southern Sydney Suburb of Mascot, it is a well known and established Australian logistics company. Your new role This company is looking for an experienced Payroll Administrator to join their Payroll Department temporarily. Your duties and responsibilities will include: Data entry Calculations Award interpretation Customer services Problem solving Data base management General Payroll administration Use of MYOB What you'll need to succeed To succeed in this role you will need: Be available immediately Open to this contract role 2 years experience in a similar role Advanced MYOB knowledge Your own car to get to Mascot What you'll get in return You will have the ability to work in a company that is continuously growing and to be a part of a flexible and fun team environment. You will be located locally in Mascot and have on site parking and be locked into a secure contract. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to Kailey at kailey.kirk@hays.com.au , or call us now on 95808333. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 A leading regional financial institution offering a broad range of products and services across their Institutional Bank, Wealth Management and Retail Banking businesses. A senior commercial finance role has been created for an energetic and high performing individual. Working as part of the Decision Support and Performance Management team you will provide financial leadership to the business through understanding and interpretation of financial results and business trends. The role in particular will work closely with other finance partners to develop and deliver in depth performance reporting, planning, forecasting and scorecard development. The successful candidate will demonstrate strong business acumen, able to understand the business and execute business plans to maximise performance. You will be strategic focused and able to translate the Group strategy and the business areas of focus into workable solutions as well as ensuring alignment with strategy. From a networking and stakeholder engagement perspective you will have a demonstrated track record in building relationships and extensive networks both internally and externally. Technically you will be CA/CPA/CIMA qualified and have gained your finance partnering and performance reporting experience working in a large corporate environment within the Financial Services sector. For further information on this role or to confidentially apply, please contact Stuart Soper on 02 8227 9200 or apply directly via the Apply for this job button. Only WORD FORMAT resumes will be accepted. 
 Boeing Defence Australia (BDA) is seeking an experienced Senior Business &amp; Planning Analyst to work as part of a dynamic, fast-paced commercial team that supports the delivery of world-leading defence products and services to the Australian Defence Force. Based in Brisbane CBD, this role includes supporting a portfolio of projects in the Command, Control, Communications and Information Solutions business which manages BDA's complex, large-scale development programs throughout design and development.   Responsibilities will include: Develops, reviews, analyses and maintains cost and schedule performance measurement baselines, including earned value, variance analyses and baseline change requests. Defines and communicates earned value cost and schedule trends and quantifies cost and schedule risks for management attention and action. Primary support for integration and analysis of cost forecasts and Estimates at Completion (EACs) for all control account budgets. Leads and prepares all S&amp;Q and task plans for commercial review including price, cost, schedules, resource profiles, assumptions and rates to ensure sound commercial outcomes. Prepare and present financial data to a number of stakeholders across the business including preparing reports for senior managers. Provide financial leadership across the project team, which may include helping develop and train new and existing staff, and supporting the team in meeting deadlines and assigned objectives.  To be successful you will have: Tertiary Education (Business, Finance or similar). Broad exposure to commercial pricing including resource-loaded schedules to inform costs and price offer. Extensive practical experience in the integrated operation of both OPP and COBRA software. Experience working with multiple stakeholders, confident communication aptitude and well-developed time management skills.  As part of the global Boeing Company, BDA employs over 2000 people at 13 sites across the country. For all of the Boeing Company's 160,000 people around the world, we offer outstanding benefits, flexible working arrangements and a supportive and safe workplace.  Applicants must be Australian Citizens to meet defence security requirements.   To see how BDA can help your career take off, click Apply now.  
Our client goes from strength to strength in their industry offering a unique product to people around Australia. Their new head office is based at the north end of the Gold Coast. Because of the growth experienced in the last two years and that forecast for the next two years, they would now like to improve all aspects of the back office so that they operate as a corporate and are ready for increased volumes and capacity. Reporting to the Financial Controller, the Accounts Payable Specialist will be responsible for - High volume invoice processing Payment runs Bank and credit card reconciliations Statement reconciliations Dealing with supplier queries Preparing account application forms Inter-entity transactions Process expense claims Month end reports The successful candidate will have extensive accounts payable experience within a medium to large company processing more than 100 invoices per day. You will understand the accounting behind payables rather than just data entry processing and love developing process improvements. Experience of an ERP system will be viewed favourably as one will be implemented in the next 12 months.  This role is to start as soon as possible. To find out more, please call Fiona Watson on 0415 656064 or APPLY NOW!! 
 About the Company Located in Chullora, our client provides the accounting, marketing and management strategies for one of Australia's largest pharmacy chains with 48 stores across the nation. About the Role They are currently looking for an Accounts Assistant to work Monday to Friday / 9.00am to 5.00pm for an initial 12 week assignment (immediate start), with potential for the role to become permanent. Location: Chullora (plenty of nearby parking available) Days / Hours: Monday to Friday / 9:00am - 5:00pm Assignment Length: Initial 12 week assignment w/ potential to become a permanent role upon completion. Key Duties: Data entry into MYOB Entering invoices Creating purchases Reconciling bank statements for 8 entities The ideal candidate for this position will possess a working knowledge of MYOB Account Right Live and MS Excel along with clear and concise communication skills, a proactive and mature manner with the ability to hit the ground running and strong organisational skills with the ability to prioritise. Remuneration: $27 per hour + super To apply for this fantastic opportunity, email your CV to cv@923online.com.au quoting Ref No: #2408. 
 Take your accounting career to the next level with this fantastic team of experienced and successful partners and receive top training. About the Company Join a Chartered Accounting firm that delivers outstanding service to clients across a variety of sectors. As a result of recent growth, they are looking to add a reliable, hard-working and forward-thinking adviser to the team with fantastic mentorship, CA/CPA support and great career development opportunities. About the Role Prepare Income Tax Returns &amp; Financial Statements Preparation of BAS Effective liaison with the ATO on tax related matters Contribute to strategic decision making About You Hold an accounting degree Over 2 years experience within a public practice firm Great communication skills both written and verbal Commenced CA or CPA Apply Now If you think you are suited to the role, apply now. Alternatively, if you'd like to find out more about the role or any of the other opportunities I'm currently working on, get in touch by calling Jane on 0738¦show number or sending your resume to jtaylor@¦show email 
 This exciting Payroll Adviser opportunity to join a globally reputable organisation is within a Professional Services consulting business, based in Macquarie Park. The role is perfectly suited to a driven individual who loves to be in a quality business amongst likeminded diligent professionals who can be relied upon to deliver, whilst always striving for the best. This business cares about its people and promotes career development. The role Reporting to the Payroll Manager, your key responsibilities will include: Within a small team of Advisers, processing monthly payroll for 2000 staff members Monthly payroll, super, PAYG &amp; payroll tax reconciliations and payments Processing, monitoring &amp; calculating leave Reporting for Month &amp; Year End Manage queries from staff members Who are you? You likely hold tertiary qualifications in HR/Payroll/Related disciplines Circa 5 years' experience in a complex corporate organisation with a large payroll You have intermediate - advanced Excel skills and are naturally systems savvy, with Chris 21 experience You have an intuitive problem solving approach and a proactive can do attitude to make things happen You are good at managing priorities simultaneously in a high volume environment You are a team player who works collaboratively, but takes ownership for your workload with the drive to achieve and exceed expectations You have strong interpersonal and communications skills Next steps: Initial interviews will take place week commencing 16th April so don't miss out. Please APPLY NOW with your resume and we can talk about more of the details later. 
In this newly created role a Financial Controller is required to head up the finance team of this Aged Care companies Hospital division. The organisation are being steered by new leadership and this role has come as part of the business transformation across the group and multiple divisions. It's an exciting time to join the business and provide key decision support to operational stakeholders. This isn't the typical FC specification as there is a real emphasis on commercial and business analysis. While there is the month end and some management accounting aspects, this role will largely see you supporting divisional GM's in which you will provide analysis on revenue trends, expense and benefits while understanding a hospitals revenue streams will allow you to understand how they operate and where the GM's key focus need to be to increase profitability. You will need to be a business partner to non-financial stakeholders and be the type of accountant who can tell a story and adapt your approach to who you are talking to. This is a business with a lot of passion about what they do and this role will see you hopefully improving the hospitals financial position which in turn can be passed onto the delivery side of patient care. Day to day includes;  Strong management accounting background  Budgeting and forecasting with analysis and commentary  Financial reporting for month and year end  Business partnering with General Managers  Analysis of asset performance and revenue trends with recommendations If you have a hospital or aged/healthcare background it would be preferred however this role would be open to others who have relatable experience. Apply now for immediate consideration. 
 About Us:  We are a consultancy based business offering Information and Communication Technology (ICT), Managed Print Solutions (MPS) and many products best-suited to small and medium business enterprises across Australia. We specialise in consultation, design, implementation and management of our clients' complete ICT and MPS portfolio. Based in Sydney, we have branches in Brisbane, Melbourne, Adelaide and Perth and offer our clients end-to-end management of their products and services. Our Culture:  We are a friendly and highly motivated sales-focused team where success is rewarded. We are serious about sales, but we work in a fun corporate environment and enjoy the benefits of a modern office space.  Duties &amp; Responsibilities: Preparing Profit and loss statements to be presented each month compiling and presenting reports, budgets, business plans, commentaries, and financial statements Make Invoice entries of suppliers; staff expenses and reconciling every month GST accrued. Recommends financial actions by analyzing accounting options. Document financial transactions by entering account information. Analyze P&amp;L to identify Rep's performance and highlight the same to the MD Summarizes current financial status by collecting information. Reconciles financial discrepancies by collecting and analyzing account information. Maintains accounting controls by preparing and recommending policies and procedures administering payrolls and controlling income and expenditure auditing financial information Investigating every single expense item and seeks approval before making any payments. Must do payment reconciliation by accessing the Bank Statements and checking if any outstanding pay from the AP Ledger. Cash flow projections, Budget V/S Actuals, reporting using Advanced Excel Conduct Month end and Year end closing process. Extending beyond the regular nine to five at peak times, such as at the end of the financial year Payroll Tax Calculations, Superannuation Calculations and Lodgment of Super. Compute taxes and prepare tax returns Prepares asset, liability, and capital account entries by compiling and analyzing account information. Keep information confidential and secure them with random database backups 
 An exciting opportunity to join the team at Optus Stadium Client Details Optus Stadium is Western Australia's premier major sports and entertainment precinct. Opening in January 2018 the stadium has already hosted a variety of events, including: Ed Sheeran, One-Day International Cricket, National Rugby League (NRL) &amp; Australian Rules Football (AFL). Description Reporting to the General Manager - Finance, the Financial Controller will be a key part of the corporate team and will play a pivotal role in the performance of the Optus Stadium finance team. With four direct reports, this role manages the Finance function on a daily basis. The core focus of the role is to manage, lead and take responsibility for the daily management of the finance function for VenuesLive WA at Optus Stadium. The key duties and responsibilities of the role will include, but not be limited to the following: Develop and manage the Optus Stadium finance team, in partnership with the General Manager of Finance The continual improvement of company policies, procedures &amp; standards within the finance function Manage and develop reporting employees including performance management, performance and development reviews, training and management of workload Assist with developing the department's annual budget and ensure activities are managed within budgetary parameters. To ensure ownership and direction of all financial processes &amp; functions for Optus stadium - functions including: AR, AP, Payroll &amp; Treasury Management of the external audit process and ensuring accurate and timely lodgement of GST, FBT &amp; Payroll Tax Returns Lead the month-end reporting process and manage key department reporting, which includes the following: Preparation of the monthly and annual financial reports Review and sign off on all month end reconciliations and management financial reports Financial KPIs and Performance Monitoring Obligations Rolling forecast cashflow Event Settlements and Event Profit and Loss Statements Responsibility of the event day Treasury function Manage the finance module of the EBMS system, including business internal controls. Profile To be successful in this role, you will be a CA/CPA qualified finance professional with a proven track record in driving a high performing team culture and delivering an accurate and timely month end process. It will be imperative that you are able to manage a fast paced, continually evolving workplace that can often have competing priorities. The ability to manage your time effectively and those around you cannot be understated. Technical finance skill-set, leadership, track-record and cultural fit will be considered before industry experience is taken into account. The ability to ensure financials are of the highest quality and within company deadlines will be a non-negotiable. It's pivotal that you are able to influence those around you and your ability to engage with stakeholders both within finance and the wider operation will be crucial to your success. Prior experience in leading finance teams to high performing outcomes will be looked upon favourably. While standard hours are 8.30am to 5.00pm, the nature of the event industry means that you will be required to work outside these hours particularly around events being staged at Optus Stadium and the surrounding precinct. Rory Mitchell from Michael Page will be managing this recruitment process and can be contacted on 08 6430 6428 or 0431 983 172 for further information. Michael Page in Western Australia is part of the PageGroup family, which operates in over 35 countries worldwide and specialises in the recruitment of permanent, contract and temporary positions on behalf of the world's top employers. Job Offer An excellent opportunity to lead and develop a finance team in a dynamic, fast-paced &amp; hands-on environment Be involved in a high performing culture On-Site parking provided To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Rory Mitchell on +61 8 6430 6428 
 Fabulous South Melbourne Location! Our Client is an Australian operated, Melbourne based business that is privately owned with 130 Stores across four countries. They are now looking for two Payroll Officers to join them immediately for a 3 month fixed term contract with a view to permanent! What you need to succeed in this position: Preceda skills ESSENTIAL (not negotiable) End to End Payroll Experience of 5+ Years Familiarity with ComOps E-tivity An ability to read and interpret EBA's and Awards Accurate and speedy data entry ability Exceptional written and verbal communication skills In return you will be offered: A colourful and fun working environment A welcoming and inclusive team An opportunity to make an impact If you are keen to secure an immediate role with this huge company please get in touch or hit APPLY NOW! clare.hamilton@payroll.com.au 0400 714 632 
 About the business We are a Financial Services Firm located on the Gold Coast experiencing exceptional growth and now seeking an enthusiastic and motivated team player to to join our rapidly growing team. About the role Duties will include (but not limited to); Preparing Financial Statements and / or Management Accounts Preparing of Income Tax Returns for Individuals, Companies, Trust and Partnerships BAS, IAS Meeting weekly, monthly and annual targets and deadlines Ad-hoc administration Skills and experience To be considered for the role you must have: A degree in Business / Commerce (Accounting) CPA / CA qualified or studying towards Experience with multi-entity transactions, Div 7a, CGT Knowledge and Experience of Xero software Excellent communication skills both written and oral If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you. Please click APPLY and send through your relevant resume. 
 Company A values-based non for profit organization located in the CBD, exceptional company culture, undergoing a large organizational change program. Position This role involves undertaking a broad range of business and decision support information gathering data analytics and reporting on projects and operations.  The key responsibilities will include: Information Gathering Data Analytics Stakeholder engagement Report/business case preparation Profile Degree qualified, and ideally with a background in accounting, you will have a strong record of success as a Business/Data Analyst along with superior communication and stakeholder engagement skills. Benefits Up to $115k package pro rata for 3 days per week.  Values-driven organisation, great team environment.  Apply Please contact Karen-Anne Donnelly or Trisha Roberts on +612 9262 4836 or apply at www.moirgroup.com.au. To be alerted when we advertise a new job please set up a &quot;job alert&quot; by visiting us at our website www.moirgroup.com.au 
 Our client is the operating owner of a central QLD open cut coal mine producing premium Coal for the export market. We are seeking a forward thinking and motivated Mine site Accountant for a residential based role in central QLD.   Responsibilities include; Monthend procedures; Monthly report; Internal cost analysis against budgets and forecasts; Internal &amp; external reporting Review adherence to commercial policies and procedures and implement business improvement initiatives. Review and analyse site costs by department and activity to meet or reduce site unit costs. Ensure all reporting are in line with agreements Ensure that all site personnel are aware of company policies and procedures with regards to finance, procurement and other commercial activities. Lead the administration team Skills and Qualifications; Financial qualifications CA/ CPA or equivalent 3+ years post graduate experience in management accounting is essential Highly developed communication, analytical, reasoning and organisations skills Budgetary and financials systems experience Demonstrated commercial acumen Previous mine site experience is essential. Salary Package; Base $115k + $27k Site allowance + short term bonus of 15% of base + company housing provided at no cost (Utilities not covered) + Super.   Please apply online at www.beilby.com.au quoting reference number 13645. For initial enquiries or for any assistance you may need in making your application, please call Sharon Justo on 0439 537 041 
 About our client: This well-known ASX-listed business is going through a period of exciting group-wide transformation. Known for its high-performance culture, the business offers genuine long term career advancement opportunities including cross functional moves. Group Finance is now seeking a commercially minded FP&amp;A Manager to join the Head Office team in Sydney's CBD. The role: Reporting to the Group Head of FP&amp;A and working closely with Commercial Finance, you will: Provide high quality reports for internal and external stakeholders Prepare budgets and forecasts for the group Work closely with the commercial teams to understand key drivers, risks/opportunities and strategic goals for the various businesses within the group Identify trends and support strategic decisions through the provision of insightful analysis Identify and drive process improvements across FP&amp;A and the wider finance team Take part in ad-hoc projects including business transformation initiatives as required Manage a team of high-performing Finance Analysts About you: CA/CPA qualified, you will have relevant senior level FP&amp;A experience gained within a large and complex environment. Highly motivated and proactive, you will have strong stakeholder engagement skills and be able to effectively liaise with senior stakeholders across the group. Those with previous commercial finance experience and strong analytical skills will be highly regarded. What's on offer? This is an exciting opportunity to be part of a business going through significant transformation. High performers can enjoy long term career progression opportunities including cross functional moves. Hydrogen UK Limited is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. 
 One of Australia's largest fast moving consumer goods companies with various manufacturing sites across the country is looking for a Manufacturing Financial Analyst to join their team. Reporting directly to the Group Commercial Finance Manager and the General Manager Operations you will be responsible for the overall site financial performance for one of their plants. The successful candidate with have strong commercial and operations background with a good understanding of manufacturing costing. Key responsibilities include: Weekly analysis of factory performance Preparing budgets and doing variance analysis Stock take and inventory compliance Capex reporting, budgeting and cash flow Product costing and full absorption costing Stock take and inventory compliance To be considered for this commercially focused role you must have: CA/CPA/CIMA qualification A minimum of 4 years in a similar role Strong background in Manufacturing/FMCG Strong experience in cost accounting Please click on the appropriate link. Alternatively, please contact Sarah Davies on 02 8215 1027 or sarah.davies@randstad.com.au, quoting Ref No. 90M0343155 
 Pickering's Auto Group is a family owned and operated multi-franchise car dealership based in the vibrant city of Townsville, and are looking for a driven and experienced Dealership Accountant to join our administration team. Reporting to the Financial Controller, the Dealership Accountant provides support to the financial controller and assists in the management of the administration function to achieve the desired daily and monthly objectives of the dealership. Duties include but are not limited to: Completion of the company bank statement on a daily basis ensuring all receipts are allocated correctly Double checking of daily cash, cheque and Eftpos banking finalised by the accounts receivable clerk Processing of daily vehicle payouts with financiers Reconciliation and preparation of employee monthly bonuses Preparation of the supporting documentation for all employee commissions Prompt processing of vehicle swaps with other dealerships ensuring all costs are recovered and vehicles are removed from our floorplan facility Assist the Financial Controller with the maintenance of the balance sheet ensuring the financial integrity of the data with particular emphasis on monthly reconciliations of the balance sheet schedules Provide assistance and support to other administration personnel as queries arise Oversee, in conjunction with the financial controller, the financial management systems, to ensure the highest standards of data quality and integrity are maintained Assist with the annual audit preparation The ideal candidate will have: Degree Qualifications with CA or CPA Dealership Experience Automotive DMS Experience “ UNITS Excellent Organisational Skills Negotiation skills Strong communication skills Integrity Innovative Timeliness Deadline driven Attention to detail   If you believe you have what it takes then click on apply now or send your resume to pag.hr@pickerings.com.au   
 Multiple Sites, Leongatha and Wonthaggi Dynamic Group with more than 100 years of history A competitive remuneration package Company Vehicle Excellent training, mentoring and career development opportunities Exclusive benefits and discounts on products and services Inspiring and fun working environment About PM Leongatha and Wonthaggi We are part of the PM Automotive Group (former Preston Motors). One of the longest established privately owned automotive groups in Australia. For over 100 years we've been providing lifestyle solutions that meet the changing needs of current and future generations. Thriving in the automotive industry, we offer: New and Used Cars; Caravans; Service Parts and finance. Consisting of 4 divisions (PM Automotive Group, PM Parts, PM Caravans, and PM Finance); we employ more than 450 team members across 13 locations in Victoria and the ACT and is constantly expanding. At PM Group we are passionate about providing an exceptional customer experience to everyone, every day! To achieve this, we are always searching for ˜DRIVEN' people with great ideas, energy and passion., we are always searching for ˜driven people' with great ideas, energy and passion. About the role We are currently seeking a highly motivated and experienced individual to join our team as a Qualified Dealership Accountant. Moving between Leongatha and Wonthaggi sites, you will be responsible for meeting the accounting obligation/deadlines (including compliance with the legislation and the Company, Manufacturer, and Government's standards), ensuring accurate record keeping, and managing the administration department Key responsibilities include (but not limited to):  Supervise administrative team members Monthly reconciliations Produce reports and statements (e.g. accounts receivable, profit &amp; loss statements, balance sheet, payroll reporting, Government and statutory reporting etc.) Analyse and interpret financial information/reports to advise on collection plans, cost efficiencies Prepare and monitor budgets Audits and daily banking Who are we looking for? Essential Accounting qualifications (preferably degree) Solid working knowledge of accounting office functions, accounts receivable, accounts payable, financial statements, and collections Minimum 5 years' experience in producing financial reports within a dealership Working knowledge of dealership operations Excellent leadership, coaching, financial, communication, and organisational skills PC literate (intermediate) Work ethic and reliability Ability to provide an exceptional customer service to everyone, every day! A ˜DRIVEN' person with a passion for cars and people A ˜can do' attitude Desirable  Experience with Gateway Why should you join us? Be a part of a thriving business working among some of the brightest minds in the industry A competitive remuneration package A Company Vehicle Exclusive benefits and discounts on vehicles, parts and services An Employee Recognition Program with monthly prizes An Employee Assistance Program, supporting yourself and immediate family members A rewarding experience, and supportive culture PM Group is an equal opportunity employer and encourages both male and female applicants How to Apply If you believe you are the right person for the role, please submit yourresume with cover letter giving us a brief overview of your previous relevant experience, what interests you in this role, and addressing the selection criteria. Please follow the instructions on the application page regarding your Work History, Education and Qualifications. This is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced Qualified Dealership Accountant to take the next step in their career. Learn and develop from the best, and thrive in the industry using the continued success of PM Automotive Group. Be part of our family and apply today! No Recruitment Agencies please 
 Our client is a highly regarded family office which services a select group of High Net Worth individuals and their associated corporate structures. Although the term boutique may be overused these days, this firm certainly deserves the term, given the select group of clients, their tailored approach to their service offering, as well as their diversified portfolio of client centric solutions. Due to the requirement for additional capacity, the client currently seeks an additional resource at the Senior Accountant level. Ideally, you will come from a reputable public practice firm, and be seeking broader client exposure, as well as additional responsibilty in the carriage of files. You will work on some technically complex cases, as well as be exposed to a broad variety of sophisticated clients across a range of industries. Some of the things you will be exposed to are: Div 7A CGT FBT Margin Scheme Payroll Tax GST Statutory Accounts SMSF  (Ideally) Additionally, any exposure to Forex would be highly advatageous. Insofar as public practice opprtunities go, you will be given the chance to fast track your career, and be given a broad range of responsibility which simply cannot be offered at most other places. If you feel that you meet most of the above requirements, and are eager to know more, please contact us for a confidential discussion. 
 About the role  An exciting 12 month fixed-term contract role with one of the world's largest Retail organisations currently exists in order to fill a key role in their finance team. This financial accountants' position will help assist the driving of the companies' financial accounting activities. Your responsibilities Reporting into the Financial Controller, your responsibilities will include (but are not limited to); Month end close for the various entities and relevant accruals, releases and journals P&amp;L Reports and monthly variance analysis - last month actuals and budget Weekly, monthly and quarterly reporting as required Assist with budgeting &amp; forecasting Inter-company transactions Balance sheet reconciliations Bank &amp; Sales Reconciliations “ daily Payroll (outsourced) reporting, analysis and review Fixed Asset Management and reporting The successful applicant will have Ideally, you will be a CA/CPA qualified accounting professional with several years' experience in a commercial financial accounting or similar role. You will possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills as your ability to interact and engage cross functionally within the business will be crucial to your success. Additionally, you will have a strong attention to detail, strong Microsoft Excel skills and potentially have had experience with Microsoft Dynamics/Navision. Experience within the retail industry will be viewed as highly advantageous. Additional benefits Corporate training &amp; true career development opportunities Market-leading brand name and reputation Close proximity to public transport (bus &amp; train) Close proximity to a variety of cafes &amp; eateries About the client Our client is an instantly recognizable name residing within the Retail industry. As a market leader and an employer of choice within their field, they boast a portfolio of iconic household brands. How to apply  To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Jamie Burgess on 0439 014 028 or jburgess@sharpandcarter.com.au, quoting Ref No JB4998. 
 About the Role  This  key role drives reporting, analysis and commercial insights to operations in my clients manufacturing business. You will be a key leader within the site team and collaborate with the Divisional Finance team. The role is based in Sydney's Southwest on the M7/M5 corridor. The Responsibilities Analysis of production profitability and analysing variances Management of costing, BOMs and material recovery Prepare the end of month reporting and financial position Partner operations and supply chain  to support decision making Analyse product cost estimates Maintain product standard cost and routers in SAP Maintain capital reporting, ROI, cash flow projections and CAPEX Provide financial leadership over operations The successful applicant will have: CA/ CPA qualified you will be an analyst who has experience in an operational environment, ideally from FMCG, manufacturing or similar. You will possess proven business partnering skills. An understanding of manufacturing processes is essential and SAP skills are beneficial. 
 The Company: This medium sized firm is a master in its field, with a great reputation in delivery an exceptional service to high network individuals. Based in the CBD, the offices are sure to impress, with brand new furnishings and city views. The team are young and vibrant and work collaborativley in ensuring the five star service to their loyal clients. The Role: Working across individuals, companies, trusts, partnerships Liaising with the ATO, clients and new business via email and phone Preparation of bank reconciliations and financial statements Preparing IAS, BAS, FBT and company tax returns Ensure compliance within statutory requirements The Successful Applicant: Highly motivated and enthusiastic, seeking a fast paced role within Business Services Recently or looking to start their CA or CPA qualification Degree qualified APS/Reckon system desireable Proven experience in business services Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal A true passion for providing outstanding client service The Culture: The culture is social, with regular office events and an inclusive team environment. Regular, structured training and development is provided, and external networking and BD events are supported. Click APPLY or contact Zoe St Hill-Warren at TwoScots Recruitment on 03 8624 2509 for a confidential discussion about this opportunity. 
 EARN up to $60,000 per annum + Super Established Business Offering Managed Accounting Solutions Opportunity for a Full or Part Time Role | Flexible Hours About The Company  Our client provides managed accounting solutions, ultimately allowing companies to outsource their finance function.  They are passionate about providing excellent value outsourced finance functions and delivering proactive and innovative business solutions to their clients. This growing business provides a range of professional services including accounting, audit, bookkeeping and business consulting. About The Opportunity They are now looking for a Bookkeeper to join their company in Perth, WA, with the potential to earn $50,000 - $60,000 per annum + Super. The primary purpose of this position is to ensure an effective delivery of bookkeeping services. Working alongside the Director, some of your responsibilities will include: Bookkeeping services including recording and reconciling Management reporting, BAS and IAS compliance Supporting cash flow management incl debtor, supplier and payroll management Assist Director with ad hoc duties  About You  The successful candidate will have 3+ years experience as a Bookkeeper. Additionally, a relevant Degree or Qualification would be beneficial for this position. This position would suit a motivated individual with excellent communication skills.  Apply today and don't miss out starting this exciting opportunity as soon as possible!   
 At Siemens Healthineers, we are committed to helping healthcare providers globally to succeed in today's dynamic environment. We are inspired to transform the way care is being delivered to the patient “ because we want what is best for our people, our customers and ultimately the health of mankind. While we are invested in engineering excellence “ leading-edge medical technologies and services, we don't stop there. We're also deeply invested in our 46.000 people with the hearts of pioneers and minds of engineers, highly committed and connected in this industry. As we strive to shape the future of healthcare, our overall success will depend on our ability to continuously reinvent ourselves. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Commercial Contract Management Professional/Manager to join our Finance team based in Melbourne. Depending on your level of experience, the role can be in the capacity of an individual contributor as part of a wider team or in a team leading role. Key Responsibilities include: Contract Management, ensuring analysis of contractual documents, terms and conditions and tenders to understand and mitigate any contractual risk to our business; Supporting the business and sales by providing guidance and support in strategic negotiation; Supporting the legal team by providing first line support on all contract related matters and by providing pro-active contractual advice in terms of risk management to the business; Ensuring compliance with internal guidelines, approval levels and / or processes; Supporting Project Management by providing resolution and submission of claims and notifications.  Developing, implementing and reviewing on a regular basis our claim strategy with regards to customers, sub-suppliers and partners in conjunction with project management; Completing risk based contract assessments and to seek approvals to accept positions where relevant; Contributing towards standardisation of contracts and other legal documents including improvement of processes in related areas. To be successful in this role, you will have proven experience in Contract Management and negotiation. You will possess a relevant degree in Business Administration or Commercial Contract Law and are looking for an opportunity where you can apply that knowledge in a business context.                                                                                                                       Advantageous qualities include: Experience of leading teams, legal background, risk management and the healthcare industry. In return, we offer a rewarding team environment, a commitment to your ongoing learning and development. If you want to join us in transforming the way healthcare is delivered, get in touch with us. 
 Introducing Konekt:    Konekt is an ASX listed leader with a clear path for growth strategy. Always seeking innovation, we have become the largest private sector provider in workplace health and risk management, helping Australian and international corporations minimise workplace injuries and the related costs.    With a mission to be No. 1 in Care, we believe in values of integrity, customer focus and financial sustainability and are well on our way to creating real change for Australian workplaces. What the role involves: The Accountant is a key member of the finance team reporting to the Group Accountant. This is a hands on role that will involve day to day financial and management reporting duties, including internal management and statutory reporting, analysis and commentary, and external regulatory reporting obligations. Monthly Management Reporting: Assistance with the preparation of monthly financial reports (Profit and Loss, Balance Sheet, Cashflow Statement) Preparation of General Ledger entries as per accounting standards Monthly reconciliation of allocated ledger accounts Maintain Fixed assets register “ monthly depreciation and addition/disposal of assets Statutory Reporting: Assist the Group Accountant with completion of Half Year and Annual Audit in conjunction with the Company's auditor Preparation of monthly/quarterly/annual reporting to the ATO for tax related activities (eg Income Tax, BAS, PAYG, IAS, FBT etc.) Preparation of payroll tax and workers compensation returns Timely completion of allocated tasks for monthly, half yearly and yearly financial reporting responsibilities (responsible to Group Accountant) Business and Management Support: Management and reconciliation of daily cash flows and bank accounts to optimise cash requirements and minimise interest expense (treasury function) Responsible for 12 monthly cash flow projections for Board report Provide variance and ad hoc analysis of monthly results on a timely basis Provide support to Sales and Product teams as requested Other Review of current Accountant processes to identify opportunities for improvements Assist with annual budgeting processes Responsible for documenting all Financial accounting and reporting tasks assigned and review opportunities to further automate these processes Other duties or projects as directed by the CFO and Group Accountant Provide relief back up to other accounting staff when required Other Requirements Desired Skills and Experience:   Accounting Degree qualified CPA or CA qualified or Study to CPA or CA qualification Superior computer literacy and PC skills, including Intermediate to Advanced Excel Experience using Microsoft Dynamics Great Plains accounting software (desirable) Knowledge of relevant legislation and accounting standards Exceptional attention to detail Advanced problem solving and analytical skills Excellent communication skills including written and oral The successful applicant must currently hold or agree to undertake a pre-employment national criminal check  For a confidential discussion on furthering your career with Konekt, please call Simone Wong, Talent Acquisition Consultant at 0437 124 020 or hit APPLY 
 Your role will manage assigned workflow, be escalation point and provide 1st class customer service to payroll customers. Your day will look like this Provide customers with exceptional Help Desk service, supporting business revenue objectives; including prioritising assigned workflow, monitoring and resolving issues and incidents, and ensuring accurate and timely documentation of all requests and outstanding  issues Ensure that customers experience exceptional service levels by proactively liaising with other internal departments to solve problems and provide seamless support Escalate issues and incidents effectively to Payroll Help Desk Team Leader as appropriate, liaising confidently with customers to clarify details and enable accurate problem definition Actively promote Sage payroll services and software solutions, including providing training sessions as required Contribute to product direction by proactive feedback of software defects and/or enhancement requests to the Software Development teams, and participating in product system and functionality testing as required Ensuring the on-going performance and maintenance of the software and provision of any assistance or advice to other departments Other duties as required from time to time What your background will look like Minimum 3 years' customer service experience Experience working in a call-centre/helpdesk environment Experience providing support for complex/technical product, solution and/or software products and/or services Strong attention to detail Ability to prioritise effectively Exceptional customer service ethic Strong analytical problem solving experience Excellent verbal and written communication skills Results oriented and highly organised Self-motivated and driven to succeed Ability to work on own initiative Preferred: Familiarity and technical experience with Sage software Familiarity and technical experience with payroll processing 
My client are a leading ASX listed client with brilliant offices in the heart of North Sydney's business hub. With the business going through huge growth via acquisition over the past year or so, they are looking to grow their Financial Planning &amp; Analysis team to meet the demand of the business.  Reporting in the FP&amp;A Manager and as a BI Analyst Finance, you will be responsible for the end-to-end delivery of business intelligence reporting and analytics internally. Responsibilities include Discover insights that would empower senior management to make strategic decisions and address business challenges. Work closely with stakeholders to ensure provision of high quality data and automate processes using Tableau where possible. Perform product analysis to identify opportunity to optimise product profitability and work closely with the product team to improve on product designs Meet with our internal customers to understand their business intelligence and reporting needs. Responsible for the modelling, sanitising and preparation of data for the use of reporting, analytics, and self-service business intelligence with visualisation tools. The ideal candidate for the role will be:  CA/CPA qualified Strong excel skills- including modelling BI analytics skills Strong presenting skills to engage stakeholders Strong communication skills Please apply below or for more information please contact Matthew Crossley on 02 8243 1306.    For more opportunities please go to www.axr.com.au 
The Company This is a fantastic opportunity to drive business growth amongst one of the most exciting and growing construction businesses in Australia. Demonstrate your skills within a dynamic, fast-paced and supportive business that pride themselves on a fun and enjoyable work environment and you will be rewarded accordingly.  The Role Reporting to the CFO and GM, the main responsibility of this role will be to lead the management of company financials of a large division from the front. Specifically with a focus on end to end financial control and optimisation of performance through commercial insights, you will develop strong relationships across the wider business to ultimately drive key initiatives and performance. On a day to day basis, you will be responsible for: Month-end procedures and periodic reporting and consolidation Analysing monthly results including variances against budget and forecasts Driving commercial insights for divisional managers  Preparing the annual budget, produce quarterly re-forecast and provide commentary Managing tax compliance including BAS returns  Analysing and managing the divisions cashflow position  Providing management support to the CFO and GM including leading and mentoring junior staff members. Qualifications &amp; Requirements Ideally CA/ CPA qualified, ideally commencing your career within Big 4 or you will have demonstrated extensive experience in a commercial finance role within complex top tier Property/ Construction/Manufacturing environments. You have strong attention to detail and have the ability to motivate and lead the finance department, effectively creating a business partnering environment to assist in commercial decision-making. Your excellent interpersonal and communication skills give you the confidence to engage and influence those above and below you and across the organisation. You have strong commitment to ongoing personal development and improvement of processes, and aspire to value-add in your next long-term career step.  Please contact Jeff Harvey on 0413 082 614 or email resume to jharvey@sharpandcarter.com.au 
 Cost accountant job working with leading manufacturer in the northern suburbs. Your new company You will be joining a leading manufacturing business in the Northern suburbs, this well established and respected business is currently going through a period of growth and are increasing their headcount to assist with this. Your new role You will be responsible for reviewing price, production &amp; margin variance analysis. You will develop and maintain accurate costing systems in relation to labour, production methods and material supply. You will manage the inventory, including managing regular stock takes and will be very hands on within the role, working very closely with Operations to ensure business profits are maximised. What you'll need to succeed You will be immediately available and will have a strong background of Cost Accounting. You will have a high level of attention to detail and will value data integrity highly. You will be pro-active, forward thinking and will build rapport quickly with stakeholders of all levels. What you'll get in return You will have the opportunity to join a leading manufacturer on a project to drive business growth at an exciting time for this market leader. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
Finance and Budgets is a section in the People, Finance and Procurement Branch within the Corporate and Research Division The section is responsible for areas such as internal and external budget processes, assisting in the collection of the ACMA's administered revenues, financial operations and financial reporting. We are seeking experienced officers to fill various ongoing roles available in Canberra at the ACMA 4, ACMA 5 and ACMA 6 levels. You will be involved in supporting all aspects of general administration and management within these areas. The roles involve working collaboratively with others, and at times autonomously and will be responsible for delivering high quality services in all duties assigned to the position. The roles require a demonstrated high level of ability in the analysis, development and implementation of financial management procedures and financial reports. The roles would suit people who have a strong analytical ability combined with sound judgment and very well developed liaison and communication skills. An order of merit will be established and used to fill similar ongoing and non-ongoing vacancies at these levels. 
nan
 MKD Transcorp is a large, successful and reputable Australian Transport Company. We are currently seeking an Accountant to join our head office team located in Chipping Norton. *** To be considered for this role you must have experience with MYOB and CMS Freight 2020*** In this role you will be responsible to maintain accurate general ledger and report to management regarding financial activity of the company. You will establish accounting processes as well as manage and support the business in the effective use of the accounting system to achieve business objectives. This role requires ability to build and maintain strong relationships with internal and external stakeholders. Other responsibilities will include but not limited to: Bank and balance sheet reconciliations Oversee and review month end reconciliations Preparing BAS information for external accountant Delivery of timely and relevant reports as requested Ensuring the integrity of the General Leger Payroll “ salary processing, payroll tax, superannuation, work cover Processing of supplier invoices, credit cards and expense claims Keep documentation of all internal transactions Analysing and maintaining P &amp; L Cash flow management Review and prepare monthly performance results for presentation to management Assist with budgeting and forecasting To be the successful candidate in this role, you will require the following skills and attributes: Must have CMS Freight 2020 system and MYOB experience Degree in Accounting/Finance At least 2 years' experience in a similar position High level of accuracy &amp; attention to detail Excellent time management and problem-solving skills Ability to meet daily, weekly and month end deadlines Possess a strong work ethic You will also have excellent written and verbal communication skills, be a team player, be highly competent in Excel &amp; Outlook and have the drive to succeed. This is a fantastic opportunity for a conscientious, committed individual who is willing to take a 'hands on' approach! Opportunities like this don't come around every day so if you enjoy communicating with people at all levels and are confident, intelligent and quick thinking, then APPLY NOW! 
 About the business We are a Chartered Accounting firm based in Richmond, Melbourne.  Established over 12 years ago we are a progressive firm driven by the goal of achieving success for our clients. About the role We are looking for an internal bookkeeper who has extensive administration experience and will support and work closely with our Senior management team.  You will demonstrate flexibility and autonomy within the role and will assist our team. Your tasks will include but not  limited to: Payroll Accounts payable/receivable Bank/credit card reconciliations Online banking General ledger and month-end reconciliations Calculations and reconciliations of business taxes and charges including WorkCover, PAYG and Superannuation Management of Trust Account EOFY accounts     Skills and experience The successful applicant will have: Minimum of 7 years experience MYOB, XERO and APS experience is essential and to be able to demonstrate a comprehensive knowledge of each accounting system Demonstrated proficiency in Microsoft Excel Experience with processing Payroll and Superannuation contributions Strong attention to detail Good verbal and written communications skills Proven experience in a similar Accounts role The ability to multi task Ability to innovate, engage team members and collaborate as part of the team Strong reconciliation skills Prove to be reliable, driven and self-motivated Please send a cover letter with resume to Lisa Johnson at riddlessteven@gmail.com. Applications close 26th April, 2018.   
 The successful applicant will have strong skills in accounting, budgeting and cash flows, with previous construction experience looked on favourably. We currently use MYOB, but are considering moving to Xero to facilitate better construction reporting and control. A $30m extension to the Newcastle village is starting very shortly. Good interpersonal skills important and the role also involves working with Resident Committee members on village financial matters. Remuneration negotiable depending on skills and experience. Please email markdixon@hallidayshores.com.au 
 About us Fehons has been providing accounting services to business and individuals since 1964, over 50 years! Fehons is committed to provide the best service to our clients by being updated with the latest changes in accounting industry. At Fehons, we have constantly increased our use of technology to deliver high quality service levels to our clients all without losing that human interaction. We constantly strive to innovate, and as a result Fehons is at the forefront of the accounting services market, in sync with our clients' needs. We have a clear vision of having the client at the forefront. This includes providing sensible and appropriate taxation solutions, work completed on timely basis, access to senior staff and prompt replies to clients' queries. Divisions Fehons has 2 major divisions, Fehons Services and Fehons Grow. Fehons Services covers Tax and Compliance and Self-Managed Superannuation funds for businesses and individuals and Fehons Grow covers Business Growth and Cloud Accounting and Bookkeeping for established businesses and startups. For the year 2017, Fehons Grow division is in the list of Hubdoc top 50 Cloud Accountants in Australia (hubdoc 2017 http://content.hubdoc.com/hubdoc-blog/top-50-cloud-accountants-of-2017-australia). Our Mission Our mission is to provide solutions to our clients that are realistic and achievable, so there is confidence and a clear mind to run businesses and for individuals in making correct decisions. Our ultimate goal is for our clients to achieve financial wellbeing. We want to drive our business as a go to place. At Fehons we encourage a team work environment through a people orientated approach and team work, we do our work with enthusiasm and integrity, and we ensure we are an A grade business through continuous improvement. Working environment Our working environment includes a paperless office and a job flow management system to support our employees with their daily workflow. We provide extensive training in tax and online accounting latest trends. Monthly tax updates are provided at either CPA Australia or the Institute of Chartered Accountants. About the position We are seeking an experienced accountant to work in both Fehons Services and Fehons Grow divisions to support our current individuals and businesses with their tax needs, compliance and business growth. You will be responsible for: Completing Tax and Compliance work for businesses and individuals Answering ATO queries Answering client queries Being a point of contact for accounting and tax advice Managing reporting for all Fehons Grow Clients Reviewing of Fehons Grow files Liaising with our e-Accountant to ensure Fehons Grow files are up-to-date Providing technical training to our staff   Key attributes and skills Very strong Tax and Compliance capacity Strong strategy and coaching skills Being able to work in an automated, digital environment Familiar with cloud-computing and cloud accounting   Experience in: Any cloud accounting software (MYOB, XERO or QuickBooks) (2+ years) An accounting firm (3+ years)   Formal Qualification CPA Australia or CA (essential) Any IT qualification will be a plus (desirable)   Please email your resume and cover letter to Maria Tentzeraki, Fehons Grow and IT Coordinator, Fehons Accountants (NSW) Pty Ltd at maria@fehons.com.au or call (02) 9745 3977 for more information.   No Recruitment Agencies 
 A fantastic financial services company has a newly created role as a Finance Manager to help support in the management and review of the team's deliverables. The position will mainly look after financial and statutory reporting. Responsibilities: Reviewing of month end and to look at process improvement in reducing the number of days for completion Review of journal entries to ensure accuracy Support and sign-off monthly and quarterly for external reporting - APRA and RBA reporting Half-year and year-end statutory accounts Oversee all the GL reconciliations and reporting Help mentor junior staff and liaise closely with senior stakeholders Ah hoc duties and projects as required Profile: CPA/CA Qualified Relevant university degree or equivalent tertiary qualification 5+ years in a similar role MUST HAVE a Financial Services background APRA/Regulatoryreporting experience preferred Big Four experience preferred Advanced Excel skills TM1 experience ideal Strong knowledge of Australian Accounting Standards Previous experience preparing financial statements for year-end reporting packs Financial Service industry preferred Excellent written and verbal communication skills To Apply, please send your CV via Seek or contact Jaclyn Lehrer IMPORTANT: By submitting your email address and any other personal information when you APPLY to a job, you consent to such information being collected, held, used and disclosed in accordance with our COLLECTIONS NOTICE and PRIVACY POLICY. http://www.bluefinresources.com.au/privacy-policy 
About us amaysim is transforming, and we need your help! You may know us as a mobile service provider, however, we have also launched our high-speed NBN service, an energy service and now our devices eCommerce store! Our goal is to service the home and all its needs, making it incredibly simple for our customers to access and enjoy all their services from the one place.   With over 1,000,000 customers and steadily growing, we're well underway on this journey and we've made huge strides, but we need your help to maintain the momentum we've already achieved.   amaysim offers a fantastic work culture and opportunity to work in a growing ASX listed organisation!   About the role We are recruiting for a Commercial Analyst (6 Month Contract) to assist the Finance department in supporting the commercial teams in the business. Reporting to the Commercial Manager your role will focus around preparation of Board Packs, internal reporting and supporting the budgeting and forecasting process. This is a fast-paced role and will suit someone who enjoys working in a high-performance culture.   This role will require you to work both independently and also collaboratively with multiple stakeholders, you must have high attention to detail, the ability to self-review and operate at a fast pace. Responsibilities include (but not limited to): Preparation of Board Packs Preparation of internal reports (cost centre reporting) Supporting the Budgeting and Forecasting Process Analysing key business performance and drivers Business partnering with non-finance and key stakeholders Ad-hoc commercial analysis What sort of person are we looking for?  The ideal candidate will have the following: 2-3 years' experience in large corporate firm/Big 4/mid-tier firm Proven experience in analysis preferably in budgeting/forecasting CA/CPA Qualified preferred or currently studying toward completion Strong financial modelling skills High attention to detail Strong analysis and presentation skills Strong communication skills with ability to deal with multiple stakeholders in the business Strong system skills including advanced Excel &amp; PowerPoint Comfortable operating in a fast-paced dynamic environment Anything Else? Recruiters - we love you - but we're sorry we won't be able to use you to help us fill this role at this time Salary “ Competitive based on experience and qualifications 
 We are currently recruiting for an Accounts &amp; Procurement Administration Assistant at an APS4 Level within a Government agency that specialises within the disability services. Located within Geelong, we are looking for a candidate that has a background in accounts administration - government experience is highly regarded, however not essential. This position will manage the legal accounts and procurement administration for the clients in-house legal team. This will include: Management of accounts payable Management the legal invoices inbox Drafting procurement documents, reports and contracts (Word and Excel) Management of monthly expenditure reports and budgets Management of legal disbursements including witness reports, barrister fees and working with other legal and non-legal vendors as required Additional duties will include (but not limited to) Managing on-boarding of our external lawyers, such as ordering assets, organising IT and building access, telephone numbers etc. other tasks such as ordering legislation, stationery orders and asset management. If you are looking to broaden your current skills and try your hand at a Government agency, please don't hesitate and apply today! Or alternatively call Crystal on 03 8629 1209. 
 Archers Body Corporate Management is a well-established Body Corporate/Strata Management company and industry leader. With offices located throughout Queensland, our primary focus is to offer clients financial assurance, friendly and professional service, effective communication and experience “ ensuring that all strata communities are effective and harmonious. We have an exciting opportunity for an experienced, enthusiastic and motivated candidate to join our team as an Accounts Payable Officer in our Gold Coast/Southport Branch. Archers offers committed professionals a comprehensive career pathway. We pride ourselves on our heavy focus on individually tailored Training and Development opportunities for each staff member. Our focus on education has been formally recognised in the form of the Strata Community Australia (SCA) - Commitment to Education Award. To monitor staff development and morale we conduct regular reviews to ensure that all staff are happy and progressing. The Requirements - Sound  Accounts knowledge (must have data entry experience); Previous Accounts Payable experience in a high volume environment essential; Be able to work autonomously &amp; in a team environment; Excellent written and verbal communication and organisational skills; High attention to detail; Effective Time Management skills; Proven intermediate computer skills in Microsoft Outlook, Word and Excel; The ability to support a small team in a busy professional office; and Be able to liaise with clients in a professional manner. The Offer Become part of one of the fastest growing sectors in Australia “ the Strata Industry; Join a firm that has a 35 year history and is owned &amp; run by industry specialist who are known as industry leaders; Training will be provided to enable ease of use with Strata based software; 
 An opportunity for a Financial Accountant to develop their career in the retail industry, liaise with senior stakeholders and associate themselves with a distinguished company. Client Details My client is an ASX listed leading entertainment retailer that prides itself on quality and value. With revenue reaching over 4 Billion Australian dollars, this opportunity exists for a Financial Accountant to add value to a distinguished Australian and New Zealand brand. Description As the Financial Accountant you will be reporting to the Finance Manager. The main responsibilities for the successful candidate will include but not be limited to: Preparing statutory accounts quarterly in accordance with accounting standards Reconciliation of accounts Continuously refining and streamlining the reporting process Reviewing operating expenditure for particular product lines Reviewing and improving internal controls Assist with management reports and data analysis Liaising with senior stakeholders Assist with ad hoc tasks as they arise Profile The successful candidate will have: Accounting/Business degree At least part CA/CPA qualified At least 2 years in a similar Financial Accounting role At least intermediate in Excel Ideally the successful candidate will have experience within the retail industry Exceptional communication skills Experience in a dynamic and fast-paced working environment Job Offer Desirable CBD Location Competitive remuneration package Opportunity for career and skill development Liaise with senior stakeholders To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Matthew Roberts on +61 3 8640 3144. 
 Company Background The company is well established and instantly recognisable to a range of demographics due to its broad retail offerings. The company's forward thinking and entrepreneurial approach has led them to become the market leader in their area and has accelerated growth. The culture is professional and focuses on high performance whilst it also promotes personal development and collaboration. They are located in Alexandria and close to public transport.   The Role In your role as the Accounts Payable Officer you will be a part of a supportive AP team of 4 reporting into a knowledgeable manager. You will be responsible for the following duties: Processing Invoices, approximately 50 a day Performing supplier and credit card reconciliations Processing cheque and EFT payments Managing AP queries   Your Background To be considered for this position you will need to have: At least 2-3 years' worth of experience in a similar AP role Confident in communicating with a range of clients Flexible personality to cope with an ever changing environment Immediately available or on a short notice period   If you are keen to apply for this Accounts Payable Officer role, please contact Chene van der Kooy at Richard Lloyd on 02 8324 2017, quoting reference 4177 or click on 'apply now' below. Please submit your CV in Word format and note that due to the high volume of responses we receive only suitable candidates will be contacted. 
 As Australia's largest Member organisation, The National Roads &amp; Motorists' Association (NRMA) provides a range of services for our Members and the community. Be a part of the ongoing success of one of Australia's most iconic organisations and feel the buzz of real job satisfaction as you work with talented professionals in a collaborative environment where people come first. The NRMA finance team are now seeking Corporate Finance Manager, in our Sydney Olympic Park office, to provide commercial support to the Corporate Development team in identifying and evaluating new business opportunities, developing strategic plans and project management of transactions. In this dynamic role your responsibilities will include: Monitor and report on market trends Provide commercial and analytical support in developing strategic plans with internal business units Prepare documentation and presentations on strategic opportunities and track existing initiatives Develop complex financial models and prepare valuations for businesses across a range of industries Evaluate business opportunities based on strategic fit and financial hurdles Assist with project management of transactions, including direct liaison with deal stakeholders Co-ordination of due diligence processes To be successful n this role you will require, the following essentials: Tertiary level qualification in accounting or finance and a CA, CFA or MBA. Prior corporate finance experience, ideally gained within a Big4 firm, with exposure to transaction services and/or M&amp;A advisory (buy/sell side assistance), this is essential for the position. Strong financial analysis, valuation and modelling skills, including integrated financial models and discounted cash flow modelling Highly developed Microsoft Office skills with proficiency in Excel Customer service focus and ability to develop strong working relationships with stakeholders Strong written and verbal communication skills including report writing skills Ability to manage a variety of tasks with changing priorities, dealing with complexity and uncertainty and supporting managers across the business Place your trust in a business approaching a century of success in Australia. Grow personally and professionally as you work with great people in an environment geared to bringing out your best. End each day knowing you helped. Join us at NRMA. 
 About the business We are a growing hire company of temporary fencing and portable toilet hire on the Central Coast, Sydney and Rural region. About the role We are looking for an experienced accounts and administration person, preferrably with a background in MYOB. Experience with booking and scheduling systems an advantage. General office duties such as filing, data entry, debtors, bank reconciliation and invoicing. Initial employment is on a casual basis with the potential of being full time for the right person. Skills and experience Accounts experience is a must. The right candidate will have good knowledge of MYOB and be confident in chasing debtors, invoicing and handling account inquiries. 
 Our client is the operating owner of a central QLD open cut coal mine producing premium Coal for the export market. We are seeking a forward thinking and motivated Mine site Accountant for a residential based role in central QLD.   Responsibilities include; Monthend procedures; Monthly report; Internal cost analysis against budgets and forecasts; Internal &amp; external reporting Review adherence to commercial policies and procedures and implement business improvement initiatives. Review and analyse site costs by department and activity to meet or reduce site unit costs. Ensure all reporting are in line with agreements Ensure that all site personnel are aware of company policies and procedures with regards to finance, procurement and other commercial activities. Lead the administration team Skills and Qualifications; Financial qualifications CA/ CPA or equivalent 3+ years post graduate experience in management accounting is essential Highly developed communication, analytical, reasoning and organisations skills Budgetary and financials systems experience Demonstrated commercial acumen Previous mine site experience is essential. Salary Package; Base $115k + $27k Site allowance + short term bonus of 15% of base + company housing provided at no cost (Utilities not covered) + Super.   Please apply online at www.beilby.com.au quoting reference number 13645. For initial enquiries or for any assistance you may need in making your application, please call Sharon Justo on 0439 537 041 
 https://cubic.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/cubic_global_careers/job/AUS-Sydney-NSW/Assistant-Accountant_REQ_12097   We're looking for an enthusiastic, pro-active individual with around 1 “ 2 years post-degree experience to join our financial accounting team as an Assistant Accountant.   Why join Cubic? Not only we will provide you with sponsorship to gain your CPA qualification, we'll also give you heaps of experience in all things Financial Accounting! This will include: Balance sheet reconciliations Cost allocations of bills and statements Month end process -  journal preparation and posting Australian Income Tax and Fringe Benefit Tax returns General finance administration So what are you waiting for? Copy/paste the link below to see the full job description and apply:   https://cubic.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/cubic_global_careers/job/AUS-Sydney-NSW/Assistant-Accountant_REQ_12097 Only applications submitted via our website will be reviewed. Successful candidates will be required to undergo an Australian Federal Police (AFP) Check   
Our client is a leading media distribution and content producer located on the fringe of the Melbourne CBD. Due to expanding growth, they require an experienced Senior Financial Analyst to assist their finance team and provide insight to the organisations' key stakeholders, allowing for effective decision making. The role is full time, and a competitive package of $95-$105k is on offer. DUTIES Deliver analytical support required by senior management; Providing timely and accurate reporting information for the organisation and its stakeholders to allow effective decision making; Preparing and updating budgets and forecasts; Assisting the financial and executive team to develop and implement annual business plans and budgets; Developing and maintaining stakeholder relationships; and Cost and variance analysis.    SKILLS &amp; EXPERTISE Tertiary education in Business or Accounting, CPA/CA completion is desirable; Familiarity of computer-based systems; Adept in extracting, analysing and presenting statistical data clearly and concisely; Demonstrate experience working within chartered firms is highly desirable; Have good financial analytical and reporting skills, experience in accounting or finance functions; Possess intermediate to advanced MS Excel skills; Have an ability to work autonomously as well as in a team environment; Display an acute attention to detail; Possess advanced written and verbal communication and influencing skills; and Have a proven track record in developing and driving system and process improvements. BENEFITS Immediate start! Located in the CBD fringe area High profile organisation  Reporting straight through to the CFO and opportunity for a direct report through to your role 
 Growing global organisation Supportive team culture Working across multinational entities About IPCA  Independent Purchasing Company Australasia Ltd (or IPCA) is an independent SUBWAY Franchisee-owned purchasing company based in 7 countries within the Asia Pacific region.  The Role  Reporting directly to the Financial Controller, this role within an innovative team is an essential Business Partner to our stakeholders.  With lots of project work, budgets and forecasting as well as costing and savings analysis your days will be interesting and varied.  We are looking for someone with the ability to multi task, manage competing priorities and meet agreed timeframes. You will be CA/CPA qualified with 3-5 years experience as a management account, commerical analyst or accountant.   Ideally you would have FMCG experience and exposure to financial modelling.  You will be responsible for preparing periodic budgets and rolling forecasts for the business across Asia Pacific including the development of financial models.  You will also develop and maintain our Business Performance Pack focusing on profit &amp; loss, balance sheet, analysis, KPI's, commentary and insights.  If you are looking for a role where you can utilise your strong communication skills, work independently and manage a range of stakeholders, please apply via the links provided and address your application to Jodie Dean. 
 Our client is a large and well known professional services organisation who has a prominent presence within the safety industry across Australia. They have an immediate contract opportunity for an experienced Payroll/Accounts Payable officer to join their Adelaide team. In this role, reporting to the Finance Manager, you will be responsible for the following: Payroll processing for 160 staff Accounts payable Credit card acquittals Accounts receivable Statement reconciliations Other finance support duties as requested To be successful in this position, you will to demonstrate experience using Finance One/Technology One systems, a good understanding of accounting support functions, as well as: Great communication skills A strong work ethic and can do attitude Ability to work as a part of a team Careful attention to detail and ability to learn new tasks quickly If this sounds like you and you'd like to know more, please contact Pia Runge in our Adelaide office on 08 8223 88080. Your interest will be treated in the strictest of confidence. 
 Centurion is one of Australia's largest independently owned and operated logistics (3PL) and transport companies. Based in Perth, Western Australia but operating across Australia, we have significant mobile, land and infrastructure assets nationwide, including 14 distribution centres and a fleet of more than 1,600 vehicles. This ensures Centurion provides flexible and reliable supply chain solutions for all our customers.   About the Role Based in the accounting team but working across operations this role reporting to the GM- Finance is to support and enhance the use of our ERP (Microsoft Dynamics AX) in the organization and also to assist in automating accounting and administration tasks.  Primary objectives will be to assist in the design of current reporting of results and assist our software development team in the review of in-house systems (both in use currently and in design).   Duties Reviewing the use of our current ERP system Manage and administer the Maintenance and inventory systems. Working with the Accounting and finance staff to develop more advanced excel solutions “ power query &amp; pivot Assist in the preparation of weekly &amp; monthly management accounts Assistance with variance analysis. Ensure budgets/forecasts are entered correctly. Helping to train new users of the ERP   Skills and Experience Degree qualified and holding CA/CPA or international equivalent Previous experience with Microsoft Dynamics AX Strong Excel skills, knowledge of power query, power pivot and PowerBI Attention to detail Team player Excellent communication skills   Culture and Benefits Team environment Employee wellness programs Career development opportunities   How to Apply If you feel you have the experience, ability and skills to take the next step with your career within Centurion, we want to hear from you. Click ˜Apply for this Job' now. 
 Trainee Accountant - Chartered Firm Newcastle City Location Long Term Position Dynamic Role We are a well established accounting firm who have operated in the Hunter Region for over 20 years. Currently we are seeking an energetic and ambitious Trainee Accountants to be a part of our team. Working in the CBD of Newcastle, this role will suit someone with strong communication skills, professional presentation, initiative and a bubbly personality. This role provides varied administrative duties as well as tasks related to a Trainee Accountant role in a fast paced environment. To be considered for this position you will need to have: Enthusiasm and initiative A can do attitude Above average skills with Microsoft Office Word Average skills with Microsoft Excel High level of attention to detail A willingness to learn  An ideal candidate will be studying at Bachelor degree in Accounting.  The following tasks will form part of the roles: Collating documents for signing &amp; sending out to clients E-filing Assisting with preparation of Income Tax Returns Balancing Petty Cash Liaising with ATO &amp; ASIC Processing Assessment Notices Attending to ATO lodgements  MYOB processing to Trial balance  If this sounds like you and you are believe to have what it takes for the role please apply.      
 https://cubic.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/cubic_global_careers/job/AUS-Sydney-NSW/Financial-Accountant--Contract-_REQ_12062-1   About Cubic Cubic Transportation Systems Australia (CTS Australia) is a leading global integrator of information and payment technology / services for intelligent travel solutions. Our people are key to delivering on our major projects; the Go Card in Brisbane and the Opal card in Sydney.   The Role We're looking for an enthusiastic, communicative Financial Accountant to join our financial accounting team on a casual basis for approximately 4 months.  This is the ideal role for an experienced qualified accountant with 3 - 5 years' experience, who relishes a challenge! Our newly implemented ERP system, SAP is still bedding in, and as you have SAP experience you will be able to hit the ground running. Your responsibilities for the APAC region will include: Month End Close process - journal preparation and posting Preparation of balance sheet reconciliations  Payroll accounting and costing Intercompany processing and reconciliation Assist in the preparation of the Australian Income Tax return including maintenance of tax asset register and annual Fringe Benefits Tax return (exposure to this previously is highly desirable) Supporting operational staff to improve their knowledge of finance and financial control To find out more about the role and APPLY please visit: https://cubic.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/cubic_global_careers/job/AUS-Sydney-NSW/Financial-Accountant--Contract-_REQ_12062-1 
 Accessible by public transport Growing business $50k - $55k + Super The world's leading retailer in summer lifestyle products is looking for an Accounts Payable Officer, who has at least 1 to 2 years of accounting experience. This organisation is rapidly growing and has a young, dynamic and close knit culture. Reporting directly into the Finance Manager you will not only learn a lot on the job, but will be supported and trained across general finance. Responsibilities: Entering of invoices Batch, match and code of invoices Prepare weekly payment runs Process foreign currency supplier payments Provide weekly summary report of payments for all entities and currencies Supplier and credit card reconciliations Employee expense claims Produce daily sales reports and analyse the figures Conduct various month end closing task Essential Criteria: Minimum 1 to 2 years of accounting experience Strong numerical aptitude Previous background in a medium size AP environment is a plus Email your resume to michelle.sanford@lawsonelliott.com.au quoting reference MS4715 or for additional information phone Michelle Sanford on (02) 8274 0207. 
 Responsibilities include: Uploading electronic invoice batches, credit notes, contingencies, and other miscellaneous payables into the finance system so they are ready for payment. Processing of invoices. Maintenance of employee expense claim processing &amp; administration of concur system &amp; corporate credit cards. Responsible for the entering &amp; validating of EFT payments via the bank portal an issuance of remittance advice to suppliers. Responsible for financial archiving. Liaise with suppliers for any non-payment of accounts and follow up with the department concerned. Responsible for the receipting and posting of purchase orders Liaising with relevant finance team members assist in the preparation of the opex accruals. Assist with cash forecasting including maintenance of the cash forecasting models. Assisting in meeting requirements of both internal &amp; external audit and maintaining the control environment Other Ad-hoc work as required 
 Immediate Start Credit Control Role - Retail Business - Close to Transport - Flexible Work Environment. Your new company Exciting Opportunity for an Experienced Credit Control Officer within a Growing Retail Organisation. Currently seeking a Credit controller Officer to manage their key Australian accounts on a permanent basis. Your new role Full Function Credit Control Role High volume Invoices Initiate and maintain credit control actions Liaise with clients for invoice related queries Identify doubtful and bad debts Account reconciliations Generating tax invoices and credit notes Ad hoc assistance to administration staff as required What you'll need to succeed Experience in a Credit Control Position MYOB System Experience SME Company Background Retail or Service Industry advantageous Excellent Communication and Negotiation Skills Work under minimal supervision and being able to ˜think outside the box'. Investigate and resolve customer (internal/external) queries within deadlines What you'll get in return You will receive the opportunity to be part of an amazing team of talented individuals. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now 9804 5313. Or Email Sarah.Brooker@Hays.com.au If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 12 Month Contract Global Insurance Group This is an exciting role with an insurer that is part of one of the world's largest insurance groups based at the company's new offices in Barangaroo.  A great opportunity to work for an insurer that is also experiencing excellent growth.  This role will primarily be to support the financial and technical accounting team in a variety of activities presenting a great opportunity to develop your skills and expertise.  The role also has the potential to lead to a full-time permanent role.                                         Responsibilities:   Support the Technical and Financial Accounting team Cash management including payments and receipts Bank reconciliations General ledger postings and reconciliations   Some administration work Processing of expenses Processing of taxes and duties Insurance data management and technical reporting Some financial accounting and reporting Some regulatory reporting (APRA, IFRS) Ad hoc project work - process improvement etc Qualifications/Experience: 1-3 years in a finance role in the insurance industry Degree in Commerce or Finance Newly qualified (CA/CPA) or studying towards Strong Excel skills Experience with insurance systems and general ledgers Open mind to learn Attention to detail Excellent time management skills Good communication skills and the ability to work effectively as part of a team     
 About the Company Boyuan Holdings Limited is an Australian property development company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX: BHL). Our ambition is to create and deliver market-leading, quality residential and commercial communities where Australians live and work. We are looking for an experienced full time Accounts Payable Officer to be part of our Corporate General Accounting Team based in Martin Place, Sydney. Key Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Process supplier invoices and intercompany invoices Investigation of outstanding invoices Daily and weekly Bank reconciliation Prepare the daily and monthly cash report Assist and support with accounts payable queries, invoicing and supplier management Maintaining vendor accounts in Timberline Any additional financial ad hoc duties Key skills required to succeed: Experience in Property Development will be an added advantage Dynamic, work independently and self-motivated with good interpersonal and coordinating skills Tertiary qualifications in Accounting with local AP experience Previous experience using Sage Timberline system is ideal but not essential Must be fluent in both English &amp; Mandarin High degree of attention to detail &amp; ability to multi-tasks Excellent time-management skills with ability to work under pressure   To apply please click apply now and submit your CV and Cover letter.   Australian working visa required. Please note only successful applicant will be contacted for interview. No agencies please.  Application closes 4.00 pm Friday, 27 April 2018. 
The company Our client, a well-established property group, is looking for an assistant accountant to join their team on a three month temporary basis. You will be working on a project assisting with data migration from GreenTree to MYOB, as well as assisting with other transactional processes. You will be responsible for: Assisting with data migration Accounts payable Monitoring debtors and cash flow Bank reconciliations Allocations of incoming payments Managing monthly credit card reconciliations Entering monthly journals, prepayments &amp; accruals General ledger reconciliations Balance sheet reconciliations About you: You will be degree qualified and ideally studying your CPA , and have experience working in a similar role and have advanced MYOB experience. Skills and personality will ensure you're a success with our client. You will have a down to earth attitude, strong attention to detail and clear and concise communication skills. In addition to this, you will be capable of working either autonomously or in a team and will be motivated by a fast paced and energetic environment.   To apply for this role please follow the apply now button or for a confidential discussion please contact me on the number below 
 Company Our client is an award-winning practice that has completed numerous projects throughout Australia. Due to their sustained growth, they are currently seeking a Finance Manager to join their inner-Melbourne team. As the Finance Manager, you will be reporting to the Directors and ensuring the financial well-being of a mid-sized practice. Your role will include; Key responsibilities Streamlining and implementing new financial systems Setting annual budgets, forecasting, and financial reporting Managing day-to-day and monthly cash flow Track overhead expenditure against budgets Skills and experience To be considered for the role, you will require the following; Must have experience supporting an architectural or construction practice  Project and contract management experience Comprehensive experience using financial software and systems Leadership and people management skills Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office; particularly Excel, Project, and Word Benefits and culture As part of the team you will enjoy benefits such as; High level of autonomy Stable, supportive work culture Above market salary Desirable inner-Melbourne location To apply, send through your CV and portfolio to Jenny Ennis at admininbox@bespokecareers.com or call 03 9663 1188. &gt;&gt;&gt; Please quote reference number JE 41146 &lt;&lt;&lt; Not quite what you're after? Bespoke Careers have a range of creative roles that we are currently recruiting for. If you'd like to find out more or send through an expression of interest, please email your CV and folio (max 7MB) to admininbox@bespokecareers.com and we'll be in touch. Bespoke Careers is a specialist recruitment agency dedicated to connecting jobseekers with employers in architecture and design. Set up by trained architects and designers with experience in practice - we really do understand our industry and care about the people who work within it. Established for over 10 years, we recruit for high-profile practices locally and internationally and have offices in London, Sydney, Melbourne, Hong Kong, New York and Los Angeles 'Refer a Friend' and be rewarded with a $400 gift voucher!* 
 Boeing Defence Australia Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of The Boeing Company, is seeking a highly motivated Contracts Manager, to work as part of a dynamic, fast-paced project team that supports the delivery of world-leading defence products and services to the Australian Defence Force. Based in Brisbane CBD, this role includes supporting a portfolio of projects in the Command, Control, Communications and Information Solutions business which manages BDA's complex, large-scale development programs throughout design and development. Responsibilities will include: Manage and coordinate the drafting and negotiation of complex defence contracts including contractual reviews and approvals. Provide specialist contractual and commercial support and advice to the project leadership team. Identify, monitor and assist in the mitigation of contractual risks. Act as the primary contact with the Defence customer for all contractual matters. To be successful you will have: Experience working with multiple stakeholders, excellent written and verbal communication skills and well-developed time management skills.  Proven experience in a similar role with demonstrated skills in successfully negotiating contracts. Extensive experience in proposal development, contract negotiation, and / or contract management and administration. Formal qualifications in a related discipline (Law, Accounting or Business Management). Previous experience with ASDEFCON contracts is highly desirable. This is your opportunity to work for a leading blue chip aerospace company and be part of a diverse, multinational and inclusive team, where we can offer flexible working arrangements and a competitive remuneration package. Applicants must be Australian Citizens to meet defence security requirements.  If you would like to see your career take off click Apply now. 
 An experienced Payroll Officer is required to work within an established, progressive leader based in Hawthorn. Working within a supportive team environment this organisation has strong values, dedication and a passion for what they do. Reporting to the Payroll Manager your responsibilities will include: Maintain &amp; update employee personnel Maintain and calculate annual leave and sick leave Calculate superannuation payments Calculate Payroll tax Processing timesheets Payroll deductions and adjustments PAYG payments Payroll queries Month end reporting To be considered for this role, you will be an experienced individual in the realms of payroll. You will have the ability to work autonomously and within a team, bring strong attention to detail, initiative and exceptional verbal and written communication skills. Apply now by sending us your updated resume today! To apply online please click on the appropriate link below and send your resume in WORD format. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion please contact Marnie Wapshott or Mandi Vitalos on 03 9535 2111. ( SK97894A ) (SK98225A ) ( SK98226A ) Please visit www.veritasrecruitment.com.au to view more jobs. 
     With Audit season well and truly upon us, many Intermediate Auditors don't want to move roles as they may be promoted to Senior at review time.    But what if you could be promoted right now AND start to diversify your career through jumping into Advisory?    Provide Audits for $1M - $200M turnover clients across Corporate Funds / Financial Services, Manufacturing, Property Funds Management Trusts, Rural Areas, Non-For-Profits (Average turnovers of $20-$50M), BUT go deeper than just Audit. Dig deeper and get involved in financial Due Diligence, looking at the company's Financial Controls and making YoY Balance Sheet observations. In turn, identify areas for improvement / risk mitigation for your clients and in conjunction with your Partner and client's CEO / CFO, implement you observations and improvements across their business This sets you up brilliantly for a Commercial / Commerce move in a few year's time     The Company..   Top 100 Accounting firm making all the right strategic moves. Young culture; all Equity Partners are under 50, intelligent and have big portfolio's of work Staff Turnover is trending downwards in a massive way “ People want to stay here! Spread of clients across listed companies, SME's, Aussie subsidiaries of Euro / US firms Divisions across Business Services, Audit, Tax and Forensic Accounting. Beautiful Offices Generous Training and Culture Budgets “ Far exceeding those of the Big 4 Environments They are launching head first into products which include virtual CFO's and Family Office (wealthy family / intricate family scenarios to provide advice and structures).   _________________________________   The ALRA Team will be actively searching / headhunting for this role over the course of the next few days. If you haven't already heard from us and are interested in this position it is possible we have missed you. Please don't hesitate to get in touch to express your interest.    Aaron Matrljan “ Partner ALRA | Australia's Leading Recruitment Agency M: 0405 100 650 P: 1300 002 572 E: aaron@alra.com.au L: https://www.linkedin.com/in/aaron-matrljan     
 Visit our website : www.daptoleagues.com.au Dapto Leagues Club (DLC) is located just south of Wollongong directly across from Dapto train station.  We boast facilities that include three dining areas; WB Brasserie, Lobby Lounge Cafe and Treasure Court Chinese Restaurant, as well as a modern sports bar and large well-equipped function rooms.  &quot;The Grange&quot; is the group's golf club which is just a few minutes north of the main club in Kembla Grange and has undergone a $4.5M renovation, designed with the grace and elegance of a modern Hamptons style country club with 18 holes and an excellent wedding and events centre. Combined, the club hold a very strong social membership of 22,000 along with 700 golf members. The group employs over 150 staff, offers 216 gaming machines and currently generates around $23 million revenue per year. The two clubs pride themselves on their exceptional support of the local community along with their award-winning focus on Employee Engagement, Customer Service and Sustainability &amp; Environment.   The club is about to develop a comprehensive Master Plan on the back of its strategic plan, focussing on expansion and diversification.   Due to the resignation of a long standing Finance Manager, the club are now seeking a new, experienced Finance Manager to join the team and report directly to the CEO.  You will be responsible for managing the day to day financial operations of Dapto Leagues Club and The Grange including; the preparation of end-of-month reports and annual budgets, preparation and provision of financial analysis and advice and management of the finance and administrative team.  You will be supported by and Accounts person as well as overseeing the Countroom staff. You will have the option to work 4 or 5 days per week - it's your choice whether you would like this role to be Full-Time or 4 days a week !  Responsibilities will include: Financial Management and Reporting Payroll - overseeing Legislative requirements including BAS, FBT and Tax requirements Business and Analytical - assessment and reporting Budgeting - management and overseeing Risk Management You will bring: Qualifications in Accounting Previous experience as a Finance Manager High-level attention to detail Experiencing in preparing end of period transactions and related financial reports Experience analysing and interpreting financial data and communication of such data Sound knowledge and understanding of accounting principles involved in all the areas that form part of the preparation of the financial statements, budgeting, costing, monitoring and projecting cash flow Ability to undertake financial modelling and prepare financial projections for 3-5-10 years, or as required Commitment to the Club's Vision Statement Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Capacity to work with a minimum of supervision and proven ability to work to deadlines Flexibility and willingness to assist others in the team Sound judgement and discretion Honest, reliable and driven Join this exciting business and be part of the senior management team! Send your application and resume by clicking the APPLY button. Want to chat about this opportunity? Enquiries can be directed to Jenny White on 0417 223 286. This advert can also be found on: www.whitenow.com.au Did you know that there are many, many more positions on your industry's favourite website www.whitenow.com.au ? Check them out. If you would like to follow us on Facebook, please head to www.facebook.com.au/whitenowwiz Note:: WE REQUEST THAT NO AGENCIES ARE TO CONTACT EITHER WHITENOW OR DAPTO LEAGUES CLUB LTD &quot;NO AGENCIES PLEASE&quot; Note:: WE REQUEST THAT NO OTHER ADVERTISING WEBSITES CONTACT OR APPROACH EITHER WHITENOW OR DAPTO LEAGUES CLUB LTD REGARDING THIS AD. NO OTHER PARTY IS TO COPY OR REPLICATE ANY PART OF THIS AD FOR ANY REASON INCLUDING ADVERTISING ON ANY OTHER WEBSITE WITHOUT WRITTEN PERMISSION FROM WHITENOW 
 CA / CPA qualified Financial Accountant with previous experience in large construction companies. Your new company This multi national construction company has been going from strength to strength in recent years. With Billions of dollars in revenue, and thousands of employees worldwide they are looking for a new Financial Accountant to join them on a permanent basis. Your new role As the Financial Accountant you will be responsible for : Bank Reconciliations Balance Sheet Reconciliations Accruals General Ledger Journals Month End Journals BAS Returns Payroll Processing Credit Cards Statutory Reporting P&amp;L What you'll need to succeed You will be CA / CPA qualified or atleast working towards it. You will be a motivated, energetic individual looking to learn new things and progress yourself within a multi-national organisation environment. You will have ideally had some experience within the Construction industry. Good communication skills are essential and you must be a permanent resident or citizen of Australia. What you'll get in return The opportunity to work for a fantastic large multi-national organisation, on a competitive salary and gain a fantastic career. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Our client is a large and well known professional services organisation who has a prominent presence within the safety industry across Australia. They have an immediate contract opportunity for an experienced Payroll/Accounts Payable officer to join their Adelaide team. In this role, reporting to the Finance Manager, you will be responsible for the following: Payroll processing for 160 staff Accounts payable Credit card acquittals Accounts receivable Statement reconciliations Other finance support duties as requested To be successful in this position, you will to demonstrate experience using Finance One/Technology One systems, a good understanding of accounting support functions, as well as: Great communication skills A strong work ethic and can do attitude Ability to work as a part of a team Careful attention to detail and ability to learn new tasks quickly If this sounds like you and you'd like to know more, please contact Pia Runge in our Adelaide office on 08 8223 88080. Your interest will be treated in the strictest of confidence. 
 This is an opportunity to get into a growing locally grown WA company and to work in a varied and dynamic team that services the Construction and Mining industries. With Mining and Construction picking back up in WA this is a great opportunity to get into a full-time permanent role however this might be a temp to perm situation. This will best suit applicants who can either start immediately or have a one to two week notice period as it is an urgent requirement. Therefore applicants with a four week notice will not be considered for the role. The Project Officer role will be sitting within the Finance team and directly liaising with the Project Managers on a daily basis. Responsibilities: Liaising with Project Managers to complete invoicing during the month, collating required information (timesheets, purchase orders, etc) Raising purchase orders Assisting Project Managers with updating spreadsheets and forecasts Generation of invoices in the ERP system Sending out invoices with the correct purchase orders Following up on customer invoice requests and issues Debt collection of overdue payments Liaising with Project Managers to obtain approvals for payments Preparing change orders and purchase order for the projects Customer receipt allocation and adjustment Project cost review and adjustments as required Requirements: Minimum of 4 years experience within a similar position Ability to communicate in an effective and proffesional manor and on a daily basis with Project Managers Ability to work in a varied and dynamic role and meet tight deadlines High attention to detail required for processing invoices and raising PO's Experience working within the Mining and/or Construction industry Large ERP experience required such as JDE, SAP, IFS, Oracle, Pronto Benefits: SOR location with on-site parking Working for a growing locally grown company Temp to perm or permanent opportunity for the right applicant Immediate start Attractive salary To apply please click apply or call Mina Davogic on 08 9266 0922 for a confidential discussion. 
 Aston Carter are partnering closely with a leading boutique Finance and Investment Institution in the search for a Senior Financial Accountant for an immediate start. The organisation is a BRW Top Employer and has built a name for itself as an innovative Banking and Investments player with headquarters in Sydney and operations globally. The company has an exceptionally collaborative culture and encourages people to constantly be developing and innovating. The role has been created to further strengthen the Financial Control and Management Accounting function across A/NZ after a period of significant growth, it will join on an initial contract basis with growth to permanency. This role will have ownership over the Group Financial Reporting process, Annual Audit, Management Reporting, Budget &amp; Forecast periods. More specifically, the role will be entrusted to: Ownership over the Group Consolidations and Reporting processes, Global Budgeting and Forecasting ownership, Project involvement in regard to system implementations, process automation &amp; streamlining and performance initiatives, Tax exposure advisory, Engagement and delivery of the group audit process, Mentoring 2 junior staff members, and IFRS technical advisory to the group The ideal candidate will have; Chartered firm experience with a client base across Financial Services, Insurance, listed-entities and large corporates, Financial Reporting and IFRS knowledge, Strong excel skills, including an aptitude to learn Financial Modelling, A hunger to drive a continuous improvement philosophy through a growing organisation, and In-house stakeholder advisory and influencing experience. For more information you can call Braedon in our Sydney office on (02) 9087 6220 quoting Job Reference 502892 or alternatively, apply here to register your interest. 
 The Company My client is the type of business you WANT to work for. A market leading ASX listed business, experiencing massive growth, with a floor full of staff who believe in the product they deliver, make this business an enticing workplace. The organisation is known for it's production of premium products and it's global distribution. Further, there are a huge range of benefits that come with working for this client! The Role Supporting the Senior Financial Accountant and Group Financial Controller, the aim of this role is to achieve accurate and timely financial reporting and analysis in order to inform commercial decisions, and ensure robust financial management and compliance across the group. In this role you will have a wide variety of responsibilities, including - but not limited to: Achieving accurate and timely end of month reporting Provide accurate and reliable financial data to support commercial decisions Ownership of the fixed assets register Balance sheet and Bank reconciliations Intercompany reconciliations and recharges Maintaining Financial accounting procedures in line with AFRS Contribution towards statutory reporting The Candidate To be considered for this role you will have/be: Degree qualified and part, or fully CA or CPA Understanding of Financial Accounting Standards Advanced Excel knowledge Attention to detail Ability to work autonomously and in a team environment Benefits Working with this business comes with a wide range of benefits including Corporate rates for gym membership Staff discounts for company products Easy access to public transport We are presenting a short list to the client on Wednesday April 18th, so please ensure you have applied and registered with Brenden at Cox Purtell on 9220 3400 by this date. Please submit your resume in MS Word (.doc/.docx) format. PDFs will not be accepted. 
 THE FIRM This fast growing &amp; dynamic 3 Partner CA advisory firm has clients that include high net worth individuals, start-ups, and large established businesses. They have gone from strength to strength and are continuously adding staff and services to keep with strong client demand.  The office has recently been refurbished and is close to public transport. They have excellent staff retention because they always look after their staff. They do this by offering excellent salaries, leading training and support as well as offering a friendly positive, yet highly professional work environment that promotes personal &amp; professional growth. THE ROLE This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced manager. You must have strong technical skills and the motivation to manage and build a team and client base. You will be perfectly placed to further develop your management skills with the assistance of a very dynamic and approachable partner. THE PERSON The Successful candidate will: Have a minimum 7 years tax experience in a professional practice environment within Australia Have a Bachelor of Business or Commerce degree or equivalent Be CA or CPA Qualified Be ambitious &amp; hardworking Have strong written and verbal communication skills Have an engaging and approachable manner and the desire to continue to build your career Please call Simon on 1300 619 510 or email via simon@piperfitzgerald.com for more information on this exciting opportunity or click on the link to apply. Please note Piper Fitzgerald is always on the lookout for experienced accountants with strong professional practice experience and have numerous outstanding opportunities from intermediate accountant to director level. 
 About Horizon Power Horizon Power is a commercially-focused, State Government owned energy utility that provides quality, safe and reliable electricity to more than 100,000 residents and 10,000 businesses in regional towns and remote communities across Western Australia. Our purpose is Energy for Life and our vision is to create customer choice by being the world's best microgrid company. At Horizon Power, we go beyond efficiency to provide sustainable energy solutions in an increasingly renewable energy landscape. Our strategy is to deliver our customers more choice and more affordable electricity in an increasingly renewable energy landscape. About the role Reporting to the General Manager, Commercial Services &amp; Finance the Manager Finance will be responsible for the financial management of the organisation and integrity of the financial data, pricing and analytical support to assist and guide management to effectively manage the business. Responsibilities will include but are not be limited to: Manage own staff, foster talent and drive productivity Manage budgeting and forecasting framework and process Produce consolidated financial budget &amp; forecast (capital &amp; operating) Manage interface with the Treasury ˜s Strategic Information Management System (SIMS) Manage internal treasury function including financial risk management Manage corporate, management and cost accounting Execute statutory financial responsibilities (statutory accounts, audit, BAS, income tax, etc.) Manage fixed asset accounting Manage Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable for non-energy debtors Manage development and implementation of pricing policy for energy pricing and the recovery of connection costs from customers Manage the preparation of uniform tariff pricing Manage the development of an energy forecasting framework and methodology Manage the Demand and Energy and fuel forecasting framework and methodology Manage the demand and energy and fuel forecasting processes Manage the development and provision of economic and commercial modelling Provide accounting and tax advisory services Manage the Q&amp;A of financial models and impact analysis for investment decisions Manage key relationships with stakeholders About the person To be successful in this role you will have: A degree qualification in accounting, finance, commerce of equivalent. Membership of a professional accounting body in Australia or recognised overseas body Post graduate qualification or progress towards a qualification in law business, company secretarial, economics, commerce or relevant discipline is highly desirable Knowledge of budgeting processes Preferably have 12-15 years' experience in an accounting environment and relevant industry experience You will also share our core values of safety, integrity, team and customer which guide our decisions and behaviours and drive a high performance culture aligned to our strategy. Next steps If this sounds like an exciting opportunity that aligns with your experience and career goals, click on the Apply button below.   Applications close 6 pm on Wednesday 25 April, 2018. We reserve the right to withdraw this advert prior to the closing date.  Horizon Power is committed to building a diverse, inclusive and flexible workforce and strongly encourages applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people.   
 Our Client My client is a leading healthcare business located in the Northern Sydney region. With a large local presence and due to internal promotion an opportunity exists for a Business Analyst to join the team. The Role As the Commercial Analyst, As part of a growing business, your role will be vital as you ensure the accurate reporting of: Analysis of exisitng divisional portfolio Assessing the fesability of potential new acquisitions and/or mergers Work closely with the budgeting &amp; forecasting team members; Provision of insightful reports and commentary; Champion best practice and drive process improvement initiatives. The Successful Applicant Ideal for a first mover from ˜Big 4'Audit, you will have a demonstrated ability to deliver reporting outcomes. To be considered for this role, you will: Be CA qualified with a ˜Big 4' background or large professional services firm; Have experience working in mergers and acquistion advisory Have strong communication skills; Ability to develop strong working relationships with internal stakeholders. On Offer Competitive package; Long term career and promotional opportunity; Flexible working arrangements. To apply online, please click on the link below. Alternatively, to discuss this opportunity further please contact Aaron Lind on 02 8036 7606. Follow West Recruitment on LinkedIn to receive the latest industry news and job updates at http://www.linkedin.com/company/west-recruitment-consulting Please submit your resume in Word format only. 
 Commercial Pricing Analyst with strong business partnering skills. Your new company With several well-known brands this highly successful FMCG Organisation is proud to boast a working environment with a family feel that promotes flexibility and fun! Your new role Due to a recent business restructure and several promotions the need has arisen for an experienced Commercial Pricing Analyst with strong business partnering skills to join their Commercial Division. Working alongside this talented team you will be assisting with the provision of important commercial insight into the success of their brands to enable the business to achieve their targets. Your advanced analysis and communication skills for business partnering purposes will see you assisting the Brand Managers dig down into the results and analysis the success of their campaigns and product lines as well as finding commercial reasons as to why the results are that way. What you'll need to succeed Proven ability to work autonomously Proven ability to work with and manage expectations of diverse range of key stakeholders Strong Administration skills General business knowledge High level of knowledge FMCG pricing and its contribution to profitability Advanced Excel skills Financial modelling skills Commercially astute Good knowledge of statistics Ability to manage large data sets and deliver meaningful insights What you'll get in return This is a challenging role within an organisation that promotes flexibility in their workforce giving you the autonomy and responsibility to perform your role. They are a relaxed business that promotes new ideas and rewards staff on their success. This role comes with a range of attractive benefits What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Immediate Start Role - Close to Transport - Flexible Work Environment- Health and Well-Being Initiatives. Your new company This leading, Australian owned company is currently looking for a highly experienced Accounts Payable Officer to join their team based in Melbourne CBD. With very low turnover, this is a rare opportunity to join a high performing department. This is a long term position to start immediately. Your new role Full Function Accounts Payable Processing high volume of invoices Reconciliations, liaise with relevant suppliers with queries. Processing invoices for corporate accounts Complete payment proposals for weekly and monthly suppliers Adhoc Administration Tasks What you'll need to succeed Experience in a similar Accounts Payable Role Financial Service Industry experience desirable Accuracy and Hardworking Ethic Team Player Large Company Background Strong Microsoft Excel skills Exposure to SAP/Ariba preferable What you'll get in return You will receive the opportunity to be part of an amazing team of talented individuals. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now 9804 5313. Or Email Sarah.Brooker@Hays.com.au If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 This well established, growing practice in the Brisbane CBD is seeking an enthusiastic and ambitious Junior Accountant to join their dynamic and growing team!   Located in the heart of the CBD, this practice has a culture that is team orientated, family friendly with excellent support and training.  You will be working with a diverse clientele from a wide range of industries focusing on tax compliance and advisory.   About the role: Preparation of financial statements for trusts, partnerships, individuals &amp; companies Lodgement of income tax returns, BAS and IAS Client management and contact Working in close conjunction with the Senior Manager &amp; Partner The successful candidate: 1-2 years+ experience within an Australian Public Practice firm Be studying towards CA/CPA Must have excellent communication skills Be pro-active, have a positive attitude and be ambitious Must have proficient attention to detail Be friendly, polite and respectful in all situations Ability to work under pressure when required What's on offer? Competitive salary on offer Boutique firm with cohesive team of accounting specialists An excellent opportunity to focus on business &amp; tax advisory work  CA or CPA support Flexible working environment If you are interested in this opportunity then please contact Natasha Donaghy for a confidential discussion:  Office: 07 3229 8020 Mobile: 0410 357 521 Email: natasha@bentleyrecruitment.com.au  LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ndonaghy At Bentley Recruitment, we are experts in recruiting for the public practice accounting sector. If you are an accountant with public practice experience, please get in touch. We have excellent coverage of the Brisbane, Brisbane suburbs and regional Queensland accounting markets and would be happy to assist you with your next career move.   
 Well known organisation currently in a growth phase require an experienced Senior Financial Accountant for permanent opportunity. This is a hands-on reporting role with a leadership focus on staff management and mentorship. Key Responsibilities Manage, lead and develop a small accounting team including qualified accountants Responsible for the delivery of accurate and robust monthly accounts Guide the optimisation of accounting practices Delivery of accurate, quality and insightful reporting for management and Board Oversight of the forecasting and budgeting process Ad-hoc reporting requirements Key Requirements 7+ years experience CA / CPA qualified Big 4 audit training background preferred Commercial experience Dynamic, excellent communicator Leading teams and managing change Experience in resources, energy or utilities sectors would be beneficial but not essential To apply please click apply or call Clint Davies on 08 9266 0900 for a confidential discussion. 
The Company    Our client, a well-known and successful global brand is seeking an ambitious individual to take on the challenge of Supply Chain Finance Manager and shape the company's business strategy during an exciting time of change. The Role    Reporting to the CFO and Supply Chain Director the successful candidate will Partner with business management to maintain a strong understanding of the key business drivers of the assigned area, specific business processes and priorities, and future strategic direction of the assigned area. Collaborates with business management and support teams to ensure strong execution, delivery of customer value and positive business results. Develops and fosters a cross-functional team approach, providing financial management support to all levels of the business team. Leads the preparation of the financial forecasts and budgets, including the identification/quantification of risks and opportunities; involves facilitating the negotiation and agreement of key operational metrics and inputs. Performs periodic analyses of variances as compared to plan, forecast and prior periods. Prepares presentations and documentation of budget and forecast information. Addresses issues with appropriate teams to develop plan of action. Identifies opportunities to improve processes and practices. Works with business and functional teams to develop consistent management reporting and processes. Supports monthly reviews and periodic business planning sessions. Involves evaluating financial and operational results, monitoring data and contributing to the development of key initiatives. Identifies and analyse various investments and substantiates rationale for projects through business case developments. May manage team members including hiring, developing, motivating and directing people as they work, and manages teams indirectly across client and operational organisations (including assisting in the development, training and assignment of work/projects to other members of the team). Participates in medium term and strategic planning for the assigned business area.    The Candidate CA/CPA Qualified Extensive leadership experience in a business partnering role with Supply Chain. Experience and knowledge of Financial Reporting software (JDE, Hyperion, Cognos) and Windows Operating Systems and application Experience working in a manufacturing environment or with a specific business Excellent training skills and documentation techniques. Continuous Process Improvement focus Demonstrated Project Management skills Please call Jeff Harvey on 0413 082 614 or email resume to jharvey@sharpandcarter.com.au 
 This is a dynamic global organisation with an international reputation for quality and technical innovation in relation to their products and services. They are also highly acquisitive and have consequently created a new role for a truly Commercial Finance Manager to look after revenue across a number of key divisions.   Based in Melbourne's CBD, this role reports o the Head of Commercial Finance and works closely with non-finance business partners, your role will be split between leading a small team responsible for the reporting and analysis on all incoming revenues and taking the finance lead on new business appraisals. Main responsibilities will include: Develop business plans for new business ideas with consideration of various scenarios and risk assessment Assist in identifying opportunities to improve business performance Provide financial support and modelling on relevant projects Be able to assess opportunities to enter into equity agreements and manage due diligence process where required, including assessing start up business and their financials and potential future benefit Manage the forecasting and annual budgeting process. Prepare the 5-year plan with knowledge of corporate strategy and industry trends Provide higher level accounting input as required for production of monthly and quarterly financial reports including KPI's, statistics and trend analysis. Develop and implement further reporting and systems improvements Oversee monthly management reporting on all incoming revenue Manage the annual budgets and quarterly forecasts for the commercial group Work closely with the sales and commercial teams providing financial analysis/advice to improve margins and profitability Manage a small finance team Ad hoc financial support and analysis to the commercial team Ideal Candidate: Qualified Accountant (CPA/CA) Extensive Commercial Exposure Advanced Excel In depth understanding of core financial concepts such as reconciling and maintaining balance sheet accounts and income recognition Ability to manage different stakeholders, with gravitas and self-confidence The ability to understand commercial contracts and the importance of commercial compliance Strong presentation and negotiation skills For more information please send your CV in Word format to Hayley McKay or call hmckay@fourquarters.com.au   
 We are a boutique accounting and advisory Firm located in Melbourne CBD which services small to medium sized business and high net-worth individuals. The Firm is a progressive two partner practice which places strong emphasis on developing its staff, creating opportunities for both staff and clients and focusing on work-life balance. With a broad client base that is continually growing, we are seeking an intermediate accountant with 3-5 years hands-on Business Services experience working in an equivalent accounting practice. About the Position: Preparation of financial statements Preparation of income tax returns for individuals, partnerships, trusts and companies Preparation of business activity statements Liaison with external parties on client matters including the Australian Taxation Office and State Revenue Office. Other accounting and administrative tasks as required Candidates must have: 3-5 years practical hands-on experience working in a Business Services accounting practice Tertiary qualifications in Accounting and either completed or commenced CA/CPA An understanding of the fundamentals of income tax legislation and general accounting/tax principles Knowledge of FBT, Div7A, GST and Super legislation Personal attributes - ability to work well within a structured team environment High attention to detail and quality in their work Ability to complete your work on time, accurately and efficiently Strong IT skills will be looked upon more favourable such as use of MYOB AE, Solution 6, MYOB AccountRight, Xero and Microsoft Office Only if you fit the above criteria and experience should you forward your covering letter and resume. This position is full time and available to commence immediately. The salary package is commensurate with experience and qualifications in the range of $65-$75K. Please note, applications without a cover letter will not be considered. Only successful applicants will be contacted, strictly no agency applications.  Applications close at 5pm, Friday 20th of April, 2018 
 Paceway Mitsubishi, part of Australia's largest automotive group (AHG), is seeking a full-time administration officer Duties entailed for this role include: General ‹Reconciliations Trade &amp; Vehicle Debtors Processing Invoices Vehicle Costing Reception Relief Other General Admin duties The successful candidate will have the following attributes: Be enthusiastic and punctual Good time management skills Attention to detail Excellent communication skills Ability to work efficiently both within a team and independently In return we offer: Great working conditions A friendly, team environment Supportive management team Central location This is a great opportunity with real career prospects. As part of AHG, Australia's largest Motor Vehicle Industry employer, we can offer unmatched career security and opportunity. Please apply with cover letter and resume by clicking the Apply button below.   
This organisation has a global presence including a healthy, growing Australian division based in Western Sydney, They are brand focused and have a very strong presence in their specific markets. Reporting to the FP&amp;A Manager and having direct contact with other key business stakeholders, your role will be to support and guide sales. Main responsibilities of the role are: Drive reporting and analysis for sales on product, price and customer Profitability reporting and analysis Pricing administration Design and building reports and dashboards in accordance with the demands of the business Assist in budgeting and forecasting Recommend and implementing process improvement Ad hoc projects   This is an ideal role for an analyst with a track record as a self-starter, and demonstrated ability to engage with senior management to drive outcomes. You will be tertiary qualified and have at least 2-3 years relevant experience in a similar role. You are prepared to ask questions and challenge the norm. You will also have the ability to take initiative and work autonomously while being part of a busy team. Exceptional communication skills are essential.   Please upload your resume in WORD format only. For further information, please call Jon Wright on 0402 606 584.   Follow us on LinkedIn and like us on Facebook STONE RECRUITMENT for regular updates. 
 The Hillier Motor Company is looking for an accountant to join its friendly team. The successful applicant must have an accounting degree or near completion.   The Company:   The Hillier Motor Company is in Bundaberg and consists of 4 dealerships.    The Profile:   The Accountant will be required to assist the Group Accountant and managers within all the dealerships. Applicants will be able to provide and demonstrate the following: Tertiary qualifications in accounting and CPA/CA highly desirable Experience in statutory reporting and cash flow management Thorough knowledge in the areas of tax, cost accounting and financial accounting Sound knowledge of Microsoft Office Decision making skills Excellent communication skills Works well in team environment The Candidate:   The successful candidate will ultimately be responsible for the integrity and efficiency of the companies' financial systems, policies and procedures. A competitive remuneration package depending on application.   If you fit the profile and recognise this position as the career opportunity that you've been waiting for, please do not hesitate to apply immediately, by sending your resume to Jarrard Smith, jsmith@bundabergtoyota.com.au or contact me on (07) 41507800  for a confidential discussion. 
 About the Role Downer has an opportunity for a Payroll Helpdesk officer to join our team, you will be primarily responsible for the management of the Customer Support Portal, Group email accounts and Phone support calls within the Payroll Service Centre to provide a high quality and comprehensive payroll helpdesk. The role is also responsible in ensuring calls and requests are logged and responded to within agreed Service Level Agreements and includes basic payroll administration duties. This is a great opportunity to start your career, Downer is a top 100 ASX listed company. You will be cementing yourself in a leading company with a wide range of internal career advancement opportunities while working for managers who offer a flexible work environment and opportunities for professional development. Responsibilities Manages a high volume of customer queries through phone calls, emails and the Customer Support Portal in an efficient professional manner Provides direct responses to customers for low complexity payroll questions such as supplying leave balances, payslips, separation certificates and reprint of payment summaries Tracks Customer requests and escalates Calls and QMS tickets to the appropriate payroll officer or Team Leader within the agreed SLA Provides metrics on volumes and outstanding queries to Payroll Team Leader and SDM or as directed Assist the payroll team with administrative level work as directed by the Payroll Team Leader Adheres to all Downer policies, procedures and standards Skills Proven experience in a high-volume helpdesk support function against set KPIs Excellent verbal and written communication skills Strong customer service focus and excellent phone manner Work with minimum supervision in a large processing team Demonstrated Problem Solving skill Basic MS Word, Outlook and Excel skills In return we offer A workplace that focuses on Zero Harm. An opportunity to make an impact with a growing and forward thinking company. The opportunity to further develop your skills and professional development Competitive remuneration package based on experience. To apply, please click on &quot;Apply&quot; below and submit your resume. For more information, please email regan.northey@downergroup.com Downer does not accept any unsolicited resume referrals from Recruitment Agencies. Please do not submit any resumes or associated profiles to the Downer careers portal or to any Downer employees. Downer will not pay any placement fees relating to unsolicited resume referrals.   
 Positive and collaborative work environment Join a global Fortune 500 Organisation based in Melbourne AECOM offer flexible work options and competitive remuneration The Role AECOM has an exciting opportunity for a qualified Project Finance Representative. The Project Finance Representative role is to provide guidance and support to Project Managers to control project costs and meet cost reporting requirements for both internal project management and client reporting.  This role is a key contact in the assigned Regional Business Line for financial monitoring; reporting and ensuring projects are maintained. This role is imbedded in the business line and whilst they report to the Finance Manager, their partnership with Group Leader and the Operations Manager is vital for accurate financial reporting and for working towards solutions to project problems. This position will be mainly responsible for: Meeting client audit requirements Coordinating Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) documentation for compliance  Monitoring reports and Estimates at Completion (EACs)  Assisting with monitoring Financial Performance for specific projects Financial system maintenance Assisting with producing Internal Month End Reporting WIP monitoring About You Minimum 3 years financial experience in a related professional services or construction environment, such as engineering consulting, or in public practice High level of financial/numeracy proficiency and understanding Experience with project accounting, cost control and maintenance of project ledger Experience within a SOX internal control environment an advantage Persevering and self-drive to meet goals and objectives in a rapidly changing environment Time management skills with a demonstrated ability to prioritise and manage conflicting key priorities Demonstrated professional attitude and demeanour towards both internal and external clients Good analytical problem solving skills Approachable, good communicator (verbal and written) Able to prioritise multiple tasks and be proactive in meeting deadlines Highly motivated and enthusiastic “ eager to learn and take on new tasks Fluent in the use of Microsoft Office, advanced excel skills Experience with Oracle an advantage. Benefits at AECOM The Workplace Gender Equality Agency (WGEA) recognises AECOM as taking a sophisticated, holistic approach to supporting women and men's equal participation throughout our workplace. We provide a diverse and inclusive work environment and offer many benefits to ensure your professional development &amp; wellbeing. Flexible start and finish times, working from home, part time and job share options Paid Parental and Partner Leave Purchased additional annual leave +  salary packaging Corporate Employee discounts from up to 400 retailers Wellbeing benefits e.g. vaccinations,  health insurance discounts Employee stock purchase plans Professional memberships Study assistance Professional and technical development opportunities. 
 An industry leading event organisor currently have an exciting opportunity for a Financial Controller to join the team in Sydney. As a Finance Manager you will provide the Managing Director with commercial support in decision making and provide important financial information as required. All applicants will need to be technical strong as it will be their role to ensure the integrity of the financial accounts whilst also adding commercial advise to the Manging Director.      Duties will include, but not be limited to:  Provide decision support for business initiatives to the MD around developing a sustainable financial plan that will ensure long-term financial sustainability Analysis and interpretation of results and preparation of financial and operating statistical reports to support financial planning, control and performance management processes. Provide reports and analysis as required to assist with forecasting and profitability. Participate in the development of management reporting systems and accounting methods to improve existing procedures or the communication of management information. Overseeing the payroll process for staff. The successful candidate should have previously worked in a similar role and should be more than capable of generating the financial accounts. This will be a high profile and diverse position where the successful applicant will be working closely with the MD to grow the business across the region. All applicants should preferably have either a conferencing, events or media background. They will preferably have a CA or CPA qualification. If you meet the above requirements please APPLY NOW! 
The Company   A market leader in their field, our client is an instantly recognisable brand with their head office based in Eight Mile Plains.  Due to steady growth they have a newly created position for a financial analyst to join them on a permanent basis.  This manufacturing company have experienced steady growth through there international brand.  The company is going through a substantial growth period and this role will be instrumental in providing financial analysis to help drive the company forward.  This is a fantastic opportunity to join a well-known, international brand and utilise your background of financial analysis.   The Position As the Financial Analyst, you will be reporting to the CFO and will be primarily responsible for providing impact analysis on company strategies and supporting the sales team in achieving long term sustainable profit and revenue growth.  Further duties will include:   Actively participate in the budgeting and forecasting process Compilation and review of budgets using actual performance, previous budget figures, estimated revenue, and expense reports Deliver strategy and planning advice Monthly / routine business information analysis and reporting Customer and trend analysis Provide support for routine and ad-hoc data analysis and supporting various project work Assisting with process improvements Developing partnerships with the Sales team to gain a true understanding of the business   The Requirements   We are searching for a qualified Accounting professional with (or studying towards) CA / CPA accreditation preferably coupled with a background in Manufacturing.     Strong communication skills are essential for you to be successful in this role due to the partnering nature of this position.   Strong financial modelling skills are essential to be considered for this role.   Experience with ERP systems, ideally SAP will be highly regarded.   What's on Offer Permanent role Eight Mile Plains location with onsite parking  Genuine opportunity to add value Great salary up to $110K + Super You will be joining a supportive high performing team environment   If you have the skills this role requires APPLY NOW alternatively if you would like to discuss your suitability for this position, contact Claire Nagle at people2people on 07 3118 0125 / 042 365 865 for a confidential discussion.  To apply for this role please follow the apply now button or for a confidential discussion please contact me on the number below 
The company: As specialists in their field, your new employer turn over approx $100m annually and are ASX listed. With exciting growth plans they are experiencing an increase in Accounts Receivable transactions and require a new Accounts Receivable Officer to join the team. The role: Reporting to the Credit Manager, you will help with the following duties: Managing a ledger of accounts Process incoming payments in compliance with policies and procedures. Reconcile the General Ledger  Bank reconciliation, month end reconciliation, journals and refunds Regular liaison with sales and other departments. Verify discrepancies &amp; resolve clients' billing issues. Facilitate swift payment of invoices due by sending bills, reminders and contacting clients with outstanding accounts. Month end process, generate financial statements, credit notes, etc. Daily sales reports detailing sales &amp; accounts receivable status.     The ideal candidate: Ideally the successful candidate will have Accounts Receivable experience working in a fast paced, high volume environment. Other skills &amp; experience required will include: Minimum 3 years full function AR Experience closing off month end/ year end for both AR  Experience in Month End Reconciliations, journals and refunds Credit reporting skills/ aged debtor analysis Intermediate Excel skills (V Look up/ Pivot tables) This role presents a great opportunity for an experienced AR officer looking to develop new skills and progress their career within a supportive team. This is a stable opportunity in a growing company, plus somewhere that you can really add value through your work.  If you feel confident that you have the right mix of skills and experience to succeed, I am keen to hear from you. To apply, please forward your CV to Melissa Adams at Appreciating Talent today using the links. 
 About the company Our client is a multi-billion dollar energy business located in North Ryde who are recruiting for a Senior Finance Analyst to join their team. With a diverse offering, our client has a large finance team offering extensive long-term opportunities for the right candidate. About the role This position sits supporting a team of finance business partners performing deep analysis on financial data to drive margin growth and understanding key trends in the business. As Senior Finance analyst you will have the autonomy to present directly to major stakeholders in the business making recommendations on driving profit growth. Your core duties will be: Complete detailed analysis of financials and make commercial report them results to key stakeholders Construct and deliver data models, commercial proposals and performance reviews for customers; Advise and support internal stakeholders on financial reporting and strategic initiatives from a Commercial aspect; Develop analytical tools and provide key insights into commercial decision making; Where appropriate partner with functional teams to streamline process; Prepare, review and execute commercial and agreements, conducting margin analysis on all contracts and making recommendations where sought Translating analytics data into valued insights for our commercial team and other stakeholders Position yourself to build relationships internally with business leaders across all relevant aspects of the business Knowledge and understanding of Australian Competition Law principals relating to the industry. You will: Be coming from a Manufacturing/FMCG/Retail Background Have a graduate Degree, plus CPA or CA qualification Have previously worked in Financial/Commercial Analysis You should also have Excellent communication skills Previous experience in financial planning, analysis and reporting. Excellent Excel, and financial modelling skills. Knowledge of financial accounting standards What to do now If this sounds like the right role for you, please apply to this advert with an up to date copy of your CV. This role will move fast for the right candidate. Only successful candidates will be contacted and if you are deemed unsuitable for this specific role your details will be kept in case more suitable roles arise soon. Morgan McKinley is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Morgan McKinley is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Please note that any references to salary or pay rates in this advertisement and in the salary refinement section are indicative only and should only be used as a guide. 
 This is a unique opportunity for an experienced Heavy Senior to further their career and join a growing boutique practice. Due to organic growth, a need has arisen for an accountant who is looking for a client facing, advisory focused role to join this three partner firm. With a focus on providing a comprehensive service for all its clients, this firm have grown its client base year on year. Clients are predominantly white-collar professionals from a range of industries including medical, legal, pharmaceutical and banking industries with turnovers up to $40 million. A large growth area for the business is in SMSF.  In order to be successful in this role, it is essential you have: CA/CPA Qualification 5 + years' in a local chartered firm Strong communication skills and a desire to be involved in business development Excellent interpersonal skills Experience mentoring and training junior staff On offer is the opportunity to be part of a genuine success story. With new clients being added every day, this firm have a solid reputation in the market as a leading provider of a high quality service offering. In return for your efforts you will be rewarded with a competitive salary package, an excellent work-life balance and partnership potential within 5-10 years.  If you would like to have a confidential discussion about this opportunity or securing a new role in a chartered firm, please call Apolonia Mendel on (02) 8256 5020. 
 The company One of the largest Tech and IT services providers across the Asia Pacific region, renowned for their professionalism &amp; world-class approach. Hugely successful and continuing to grow with their cutting edge technology and strong customer focus. A clear vision with staff development &amp; training and driving innovation in order to achieve your best results. Remuneration &amp; Benefits: Competitive salary + super Great work-life balance - opportunity for flexible working hours The chance to build on your natural leadership skills Foot-in-the-door to wider finance team Supportive management committed to your growth &amp; development Your new role: You will be working very closely with the AP Manager to assist the success and lead the development of the Accounts Payable team. The role will include: Full-function Accounts payable duties Assisting with ongoing process improvement projects Monthly reports; month-end accruals, journals and reconciling Checking and processing expenses claims Documenting procedures and assisting/training the team Opportunity to assist leading upcoming projects and new system implementation Who are we looking for? Our ideal candidate will have end-to-end Accounts Payable experience within a large organisation. You will be switched on, motivated and on the path to becoming a leader through the course of your career. You must also have the following: At least 1-2 year full function AP experience, ideally as a Senior AP officer Excellent verbal &amp; written communication/interpersonal skills Experience with auto work flow and OCR system Intermediate/advanced Excel knowledge and experience (V-Lookups &amp; Pivot Tables absolute minimum) Experience using a large ERP system such as SAP, Navision or Oracle If this sounds like you, then please call Cydney on 02 8315 9203 to discuss the role further. 
 About the role: We are currently seeking a motivated Payroll Team Leader to join our Finance team on a permanent, full-time basis. This role will be based at our Hobart office and will report to the Head of Finance Operations. Responsible for a Payroll of 1,800+, this role is ideal for someone who has experience leading a payroll team and who would be considered a technical specialist within the field. It's a great opportunity to solidify your experience with a one of only a few top 100 ASX listed companies in Hobart.  You will be comfortable working with complex systems and consider your strengths to be communication, process improvement and leadership. You will approach issues from a solution based mentality. You will be comfortable dealing extensively with both internal and external parties at all levels of Seniority. Key responsibilities: Oversee the payroll function Manage the delivery of effective payroll operations Preparation of reports for management Implement efficiencies within the department Manage employee queries Maintain accurate records Calculate complex terminations and redundancies Assist and mentor the payroll team as required Manage superannuation, workers comp and taxation obligations Ensure legislative compliance Adhere to stringent internal controls Key requirements: Strong end to end payroll experience Strong payroll legislation knowledge SAP experience would be an advantage Proven ability to interpret awards and EBA's Leadership experience, self-starter and motivator essential  Excellent attention to detail Strong verbal and written communication skills Intermediate Microsoft suite skills Able to build &amp; maintain professional relationships Exceptional time management skills Applicants must be eligible to work in Australia How to apply: If you would like to be considered for this fantastic opportunity, please send your cover letter addressing the criteria and your resume by clicking 'Apply Now'. Only short-listed candidates will be contacted. No Recruitment Agencies 
 With revenue in the order of $1.5bn, our client is one of Australia's largest providers of education, enrolling over 500,000 students across all programs and employing 2,500 full-time teaching and support staff.  The business is undergoing a broad program of change that will transform it into a model of innovation, delivering excellence in educational outcomes and sustained financial performance.  Working from the Kingscliff, NSW, office, reporting to the GM Finance and leading a small team, you will develop and implement a strategic governance framework to support financial processes and practices within the organisation.  You will lead your team to build, implement and oversee audit and control processes to ensure compliance with the framework, and you will monitor and lead projects for the continuous improvement of controls and processes to enhance auditing and recording.  You will develop and provide to senior management key compliance reports for the purpose of decision making and you will lead your team to deliver an effective and efficient strategic governance framework.  Yours will be a key role in the building of a finance function that is a model of excellence in service delivery and that sets the standard for large, complex, multi-site and multi-disciplinary organisations.  You are a technically strong accountant, degree qualified and holding membership of a recognised professional accounting body (CA/CPA).  You are a self-starter, set yourself and your team high standards (and achieve them) and can balance a hands-on approach with the need to coach and mentor your team to deliver results.   A competitive remuneration package will be negotiated.  To express interest, please forward your resume to syd@amropcarmichaelfisher.com quoting Ref MMC787866. 
 Operating nationally for over 20 years from our Modern Office in Ashfield, Unified Security Group is one of Australia's leading Security Service providers in Manpower, Patrols and Electronic Security Solutions. Training and Development is on offer for the right candidate. Key responsibilities include: Processing Fortnightly Payroll for over 100 employees Validate the time sheets as per the approved rosters Recording new employees and handling termination pays Ensure the pay is calculated as per the Industry Security Services Award, Employment Legislation and other related payroll contract documentation Learn the payroll and rostering software Validation and checking of the payroll to ensure accurate calculation Handling pay related queries Superannuation processing Reconciling sub-contractor invoices against reports Other related duties on request     Successful candidate's key competencies: Must have 3+ years experience in a similar role Experience in interpreting awards and individual pay agreements Be conversant with National Employee Standards Has a passion for working with numbers Intermediate MS Office Skills Accurate data entry with high attention to detail Time Management Skills and be able to work autonomously Excellent interpersonal and communication skills If you are a positive individual with a can-do attitude, we want to hear from you. This role is offering an Annual Salary of $ 55,000 - $60,000 Pro rata, negotiable based on experience and confidence. Please register your interest as soon as possible by sending your resume with a cover letter. Financial Controller Please e-mail: careers@unifiedsecurity.com.au 
A global mining company are seeking a Business Analyst to join their Finance team located on site in Mount Isa. You will act as a key contributor to the Finance Transformation program, targeting Management Reporting outcomes, with the focus on reporting and analysis to support decision making and drive business performance. You will be responsible for analysing business performance as well as identifying and assisting with areas for improvement, budgeting and forecasting processes, end of month reporting, liaising with stakeholders to deliver business cases in line with business objectives and continuing to add value to the finance team through cost analysis.  To be considered for this role, you will be CA or CPA qualified and have a sound working and technical knowledge of financial systems, particularly TM1, Cognos BI and Excel. With a meticulous eye for detail, you will be self-motivated with an ambitious and proactive attitude towards your work. You will thrive in a team based environment and although not necessary, experience in mining or constriction will be highly regarded. If you are interested in this role and have the suitable skillset please contact Savannah Cant on 07 3854 3806 or click &quot;apply&quot; to submit your CV. 
 About the Company &amp; Role: A large Professional Accounting Firm based on Collins Street within stunning newly refurbished offices are seeking a Bookkeeper to join the Family Office team. This is a client facing role where you will be performing end to end bookkeeping both onsite and at the Clients offices. Duties: BAS/GST/FBT Perform all end to end Bookkeeping transactions Month End including all Reporting Bank/Balance/GL Reconciliations Billing and Banking Skills &amp; Experience: MYOB/XERO Exceptional communication skills End to End Bookkeeping experience - Professional or Financial Services experience would be highly desirable A great team focused attitude To be considered for this fantastic opportunity you will have both strong bookkeeping experience as well as the ability to be the face of the Firm in this Client facing role. You will also have exceptional communication skills and a strong team focus. How to Apply: Please hit the APPLY NOW button and send your resume through to Jeremy at TwoScots Recruitment or alternatively you can call for a confidential conversation on 03 8624 2505 
 The most innovative automotive brand in the world needs a dealer network that shares the same outlook and values and strives to be number one.  How do we achieve this?  Through the people we employ.  Essendon BMW is our newest BMW Dealership located on the Northwest suburbs of Melbourne. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for an experienced Accounts Officer to work in this brand new dealership and assist across the entire accounts process. The role will interact with a small team and will be responsible for the full range of accounts duties. Responsibilities will include: Accounts payable Accounts receivable Daily banking Bank Reconciliations Adhoc accounts administration duties About you You will be warm, engaging and corporately presented. You will be experienced in general accounts and will be comfortable processing account administration processes at a high level of accuracy. You will work well in a team environment and will be comfortable meeting deadlines.  Specific Skills required Experience in an general accounts role in a corporate environment ERA knowledge would be an advantage Attention to detail Superior time management skills and a commitment to meeting objectives Passion for what you do This role is fulltime Monday to Friday. Apply immediately, as this role will not stay open for long! If you have any further questions, please contact Jason Somerville, National Recruitment Manager, BMW Dealerships on 0439 074516. 
 Experienced Automotive Dealership Financial Controller Competitive Salary &amp; Opportunity To Influence Results Sea Change Opportunity South Gippsland / Bass Coast Region Of Vic Our client is a volume brand franchised new car dealership located in the South Gippsland / Bass Coast region of VIC. Centrally located and close to schools, shopping and medical facilities, this town offers an exceptional lifestyle change for those looking to relocate and an excellent opportunity for those currently in the area. A supportive management structure, excellent remuneration and stability of tenure await the successful candidate. In order to be invited for an interview, candidates will require previous experience, as a Financial Controller, gained within a franchised new car dealership. You possess Strong knowledge of Pentana Solutions and are capable of managing a successful team. You are well presented, articulate and thrive on achieving and exceeding targets and KPIs. The remuneration for this position is anticipated to consist of a retainer of around $100k plus Super, however will be negotiated on experience. Interested and suitably qualified applicants should email their resumes to Sam Barbagallo @ sam@motorstaff.com.au or via this site. For many other Motor Industry positions please visit our website at www.motorstaff.com.au, see our listings on Seek, follow us on facebook and LinkedIn. Your resume must contain your address so we can assess commuting requirements. Applicants must be physically located in Australia and must be Australian or New Zealand citizens or hold a permanent residency visa. Please note that only those applicants with relevant industry experience will be acknowledged. 
 This CBD based Audit Practice is seeking an experienced Audit Senior to its thriving audit and assurance team on a contract basis. This is an opportunity for an accomplished auditor to take on a challenging and interesting role offering potential for permanency and advancement. You will work on audits of medium to very large, and interesting, entities while enjoying the support and mentoring from an impressive leadership team including Partners. These are roles that will improve your career prospects whether you take on a permanent role within the practice or go elsewhere at the contract's conclusion as this experience is highly valued within the market. The role will execute audits following an existing plan and play an integral part in the operations of this high performance assurance division. It is envisaged the successful candidate will have 3 plus years (guide only - 2 years may be sufficient if it is strong) of audit experience in a local audit team or Big 4 / second tier overseas. Ideally you will have completed either the CA or CPA programs or similar overseas. Given that client contact will constitute a significant part of the role, good communication and presentation are essential. If a role like this interests you then please apply online below or call Aaron Jones, ACA (8 years audit experience) for a confidential discussion on 0433 309 393. Alternatively, use the &quot;Refer a Friend&quot; area of our website and help a friend or colleague by referring them confidentially to this role while earning a $500 bonus on completion of contracts over 3 months and $250 under. Please see our Privacy policy at http://www.jonestid.com.au/conditions.php. 
 Finance Manager position for a long-standing SA business Your new company This long-standing Adelaide business continues to expand and has recently won major contracts. Their corporate head office is based in the inner southern suburbs. You'll work with a stable, collaborative team of professionals and provide invaluable input to the Managing Director. Your new role This role will be in a standalone position where you will be responsible for end to end accounting including the following: Monthly management accounts and variance analysis Annual budgeting and forecasting Revenue and sales analysis Cash flow management including overseeing Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable and Payroll Statutory compliance including-BAS, PAYG, FBT, Superannuation, Workcover Monthly and annual Bank Reconciliation Liaising with external auditors and accountants Supervision of a small accounts administration team What you'll need to succeed Tenure in an end to end accountant position Demonstrated leadership qualities Tertiary or degree qualifications CA/CPA strongly desired but not essential As you are reporting directly to the Managing Director, you will have excellent interpersonal and relationship building skills What you'll get in return This business continues to expand and offers excellent growth capabilities for leadership and end to end accountant experience. The MD will rely on you heavily for strategic advice, and you will have the rare opportunity to influence business direction. What you need to do now If you have the appropriate experience and are interested in this opportunity, please apply to Rachel Homer via the link below or call on 82310820 for a confidential discussion. 
   Sizable CBD Practice close to all amenities Strong culture Get out of the office and meet clients   The Firm   This mid tier practice has a solid reputation in the Brisbane market for servicing clients and developing staff. The partners have built a strong culture of teamwork and collaboration with the staff enjoying a high degree of client interaction and social activity.                                                         The Role   You will be involved in all areas of advisory and compliance for a variety of businesses. The team has a genuine focus on advisory work so you will have the opportunity to visit your clients on site on a regular basis. This will give you the background you need to work with the clients to help them reach their goals.     Business services compliance and advisory work Assisting in the management of 6 staff Review of work completed on and offshore Business development through onsite visits with existing clients     The Individual   Being a fully qualified accountant you will have an extensive experience working in other firms. You should be confident in dealing with both staff and clients. The partner will require you to spend a lot of time out with clients at their offices so this is a great role for a confident individual that wants to get out of the office.     Benefits   Affable realxed partner  Opportunity to get out and meet clients Inclusive culture Active, social environment       Apply Now or please call Andrew McNamara CPA (07) 3009 6400  / 0407 035 808 or send your query or CV direct to andrew@mwrecruitment.com.au 
 Permanent opportunity for an experienced Payroll Manager, up to $125k + Super This leading organisation within the retail sector has been a solid player within the industry for over 100 years. With an excellent track record for service and efficiency, this organisation is going through a strong period of growth and restructure. They are currently looking for a Payroll Manager to assist in their development and bring fresh initiatives to the team. Reporting directly to the CFO, you will be responsible for leading a team of 6 within the Payroll function. Your duties will include: Managing, coaching a developing a team of payroll professionals day to day. Ensure the timely processing of payroll for all employees on a monthly and weekly basis. Assist with project work and process improvement. Assist with creation of manuals and procedures. Work with a time and attendance system. Experience in a high volume environment will be pivotal within this role. The organisation are looking for a hands on candidate, happy to lead by example. The successful candidate will have exposure managing change and processes within payroll. Retail exposure would be highly desirable for this position. In return you will receive a permanent opportunity in a stable organisation. You will be work in the heart of Sydney close to public transport and with parking on site if required. You will have the opportunity to work on numerous projects and lead a successful payroll team. To find out more about this position or to apply please call Samantha on 0297443344 or send an update copy of your resume to Samantha.Grace@Hays.com.au. 
 Your new company An established Cairns based Real Estate company known for providing quality customer service to both tenants and landlords is seeking an expert Property Manager on a permanent basis. Your new role Your new role will require you to manage properties within the Cairns Region whilst having a hands on and proactive approach to customer service and problem solving. You will be producing reports for management and dealing with any maintenance issues and recommendations. You will be conducting regular rent and lease reviews whilst also assisting with open homes. What you'll need to succeed You will need to have previous experience in all facets of Property Management with a high level of technical knowledge. A proven track record of managing both tenants and landlords to maintain productive relationships. A drive to provide great customer service is imperative. What you'll get in return You will get the opportunity to work within a close knit, positive and friendly team within Cairns. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 The organisation offers a fun and dynamic culture and will provide the right candidate the opportunity to add to their skills and experiences within a fast paced environment. As part of the role the candidate will be involved in Accounts Payable duties including processing invoices on a daily basis and compiling accounts and handling purchase orders. Working for this leading manufacturing company will also give you the opportunity to work within a great team. Key responsibilities: Daily processing of high volume invoices. Bank reconciliation. Handling purchase orders, credit notes and authorisation of goods. Dealing with enquiries from internal and external clients and customers regarding payments and disputes including resolutions. Reconciling vendor statements against accounts payable ledger balances. Perform weekly supplier payment runs. Key Requirements: 3 + years experience within high volume Accounts Payable Environments Pronto experience a must. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Intermediate - advanced Excel skills essential This is initially a contract role for an Accounts Payable Officer with a view to extend for a suitable candidate. The role will give you great experience in a large, fast paced environment. To apply please click apply or call Sara Aziz on +61 2 8836 3616 for a confidential discussion. 
 Are you seeking a busy and challenging audit / compliance role that is pivotal to a rapidly growing business?¦.. if so, we want to hear from YOU!! This highly successful business has operations both nationally and overseas, and continues to expand. Their Head Office has recently relocated to brand new offices located in the CBD and with strategic plans for future growth they remain committed to best practice processes and procedures. The Role This role is pivotal to the business. It provides the interface between all departments and ensures alignment of all teams. Whilst you will have full support of your Line Manager (Group Financial Controller), the role requires a lot of independence and proactivity to ensure key activities and objectives are met. The main purpose of this position will be to provide detailed assessments as to the efficiency, effectiveness and compliance with internal procedures, by examining, evaluating and monitoring internal controls set up at multiple sites. This is not a role where you will sit behind a desk and get lost in figures. In fact, this is so much more...here you will be responsible for compliance across a number of areas, sites and not simply accounting based. You do though have to be well organised, love attention to detail and enjoy finding any lack of compliance or uncovering any discrepancies that need attention by management. Duties and Responsibilities Reviews cash control procedures and monitors safeguarding of assets. Checking of timesheets, run sheets and check time allocation at various sites. Analysis and prepare reports on anomalies in an operational audit and contribute in the preparation of audit plan and ensure its completion. Audit of operations stock. Review sales revenue and other statistics for multiple sites. Conduct checks on pricing changes. Make oral or written presentations to management. Monitor security systems to ensure working and recording in line with company requirements. Conducting casual audits to ensure accurate processing of documentation and monies received. Support Operations with 'on the spot' checks of compliance. Accountabilities: Provide accurate and timely reporting on key performance areas. Continue to develop and maintain procedures and processes that enhance performance, job satisfaction and productivity. Maintain a high level of confidentiality across all areas of the business. Strong compliance with applicable laws, regulations, statutory obligations and company policy. Act honestly and with integrity and all times. Respect the values and diversity of others. Accept responsibility for the parameters of the role and be accountable for outcomes. Contribute to a team environment of achievement and success. About You: The ideal candidate will Possess at least one year of operational experience. Embrace and enjoy working with key compliance guidelines. Have a current knowledge of fundamental internal audit practices. Possess a ˜Can Do' attitude. Pride themselves with their attention to detail and time management skills. Be able to work within a team or autonomously. Possess strong motivation to contribute to organisational improvements. Be able to communicate with all facets of the business and form a cohesive bond between the various departments. Have strong MS Office skills. This is a rare opportunity for a career minded, diligent and focused individual who is pursuing a junior accountant / auditor role within a growing business. Email: Please click the 'Apply Now' button below. 
 Our Client We are currently working with a large ASX listed Manufacturing organisation located within the Smithfield region who are looking for an experienced Accounts Officer to join their team on a 3-6-month temp to perm opportunity. This is a diverse and unique organisation who are leaders within their space in the Asia Pacific region who are committed to investing in their employees to drive success. The Role Reporting to the Finance Manager you will be required to perform the following tasks but not be limited to: Daily processing of supplier invoices Daily allocations and receipting of payments Creditor / Supplier reconciliations Invoice and remittance generations Filing and archiving Phone collections Data Entry and other administrative tasks as required The successful candidate To be considered for the role you will have at least 2 years' experience within a similar role along with: Experience within Manufacturing Industry advantageous Willing to take on administrative tasks and be proactive Communication skills, phone manner and written skills second to none Experience using Pronto /JD Edwards highly advantageous Proactive and ˜can-do' attitude will see you thrive Be a strong team player and be solutions orientated On Offer This is a 3-6-month temp to perm opportunity - our client would love someone on board Full Time as soon as possible however this is dependable on your performance and contribution within the role. The role will be paying $27 -$30 per hour + super to start off or $55-$60k + super full time. To apply online, please click on the link below. Alternatively, to discuss this opportunity further please contact Nitin Kumar on 02 9689 8914. Follow West Recruitment on LinkedIn to receive the latest industry news and job updates at http://www.linkedin.com/company/west-recruitment-consulting Please submit your resume in Word format only. 
 Our Group of Telstra Retail Store(s) have a short-term vacancy (6 month Parental Leave Replacement) for an established and accomplished Book Keeper/ Accountant based in Hawthorn. Tasks that you must be extremely competent in include: Payroll processing every Monday “ 60 employees approx Entering Invoices and processing payments. Monthly Reconciliations: such as Bank, Trade Creditors and Trade Debtors amongst others.   Working Requirements: Initial Start date required would be 23 April 2018. Initial Working Requirement is two days per week:  One must be Monday for Payroll, Second day of the week can be negotiated. This requirement is from 23/04/2018 to 2/09/2018. From 03/09/2018 to 07/10/2018 we would require 5 day full-time availability. After the 7th October 2018 the position will return to two days until the end of the term contract.   Contract Timelines: The position is available for a definite 6 month period  with the possibility of extension, depending on incumbent returning from Parental Leave.   Training: Onsite training will occur as system is specifically written for Industry. All training will occur on premise. Location: Head office located in Glenferrie Rd Hawthorn. In easy walking distance from Swinburne Station Salary: Initial Salary will be based on $59280.00 pro rata   Requirements: Please do not apply unless conditions of employment can be meet. 
 This multi partner firm is seeking a driven senior accountant to add value to their growing team. Your new company Your new firm will provide you with ongoing training, with a well-balanced team structure to allow for career progression. You will be exposed to a diverse client base, with annual turnovers between $1-100 million. This firm has a strong belief in work/life balance, allowing their team to be flexible with their hours. Your new role The role will include duties such as however not limit to: Managing and overseeing the preparation of financial statements for Companies, Trusts, and Partnerships. Managing and overseeing the preparation of tax returns and other statutory returns for Individuals, Companies, Trusts, and Partnerships Identifying, raising and resolving client accounting and business issues with managers and partners. Managing and developing junior staff Developing and maintaining relationships with clients and external third parties What you'll need to succeed Successful accountants at this firm are ambitious, with a strong desire to learn and progress their careers. You will be a confident accountant with excellent communication skills, who is fast learning and driven in achieving outcomes. Applicants must be CPA or CA qualified, with 5+ years' experience in public practice. What you'll get in return In return, you will receive competitive remuneration in a well-established firm. You will be exposed to industry leading training, career progression and state of the art technology. You will work closely with partners in a modern, open planned office. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Tom Miles now on 9604 9517. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 QBE Insurance Group is one of the world's top 20 general insurance and reinsurance companies, with operations in all the key insurance markets. We are listed on the Australian Securities Exchange and are headquartered in Sydney. Working at QBE, we recognise the value of diversity and inclusion in the workplace and support a range of flexible work arrangements to promote a better family/life/work balance. We offer you a dynamic workplace culture, one that values and leverages the unique ideas, capabilities and experiences you bring irrespective of where you are in the world. We believe this strengthens our ability to deliver on our business goals, particularly as it relates to innovation, growth and our focus on customers. The opportunity Being part of the divisional Financial Control team supporting the Manager, Financial Reporting, you will be assisting with the accounting and reporting activities, ensuring the accuracy, timeliness and consistency of Group and external deliverables. This will include: - Responsibility for the preparation of Australian statutory accounts in accordance with Corporations Law and Accounting standards Responsibility for the preparation of Quarterly QBE Group reporting packs in accordance with Accounting standards and group reporting instructions Supporting relationship management with appropriate stakeholders Supporting the analysis of statutory reports, collection of comments and drafting adjustments Participation at finance related projects What does success look like? Strong technical accounting skills and business acumen Excellent verbal and written communication skills Problem-solving and analytical skills with a high attention to detail Willingness to take on challenges Professional accounting qualification Financial services / Big 4 accounting experience preferred Benefits? At QBE, you will be provided with a competitive remuneration structure and benefits, in an environment that offers support, and encourages career development and learning. We offer a range of benefits and discounts including: Paid Parental leave (inclusive of paid superannuation during this time) Secondment opportunities Employee assistance programme Paid volunteer leave Purchased leave Product discounts Superannuation matching Applicants will be required to provide evidence of their eligibility to work in Australia, and at a minimum be required to undertake police and basic credit checks as a condition of employment. For more information, click the APPLY button to submit your details. Applications Close Friday 27 April 2018 
Our Client A growing multi-site operation, experiencing exponential growth through acquisition and gain in market share  require the assistance of a Senior Accounts Payable Officer who has systems implementation experience. Currently creating a shared services environment and going through automation processes the AP Manager requires assistance.     The Role Reporting to the Accounts Payable Manager the responsibilities of the role will include;     Full function, high volume Accounts Payable Supplier reconciliations Managing queries and liaison with Site Managers Accounts Payable reporting Assist with acquisition integrations into shared services environment  Assist with  new automation system implementation   About You To be successful in this role you will have/be;   Experienced in high volume, full function Accounts Payable Have systems implementation experience (automation) Be IT savvy with strong ERP experience Proven process improvement skills Strong problem solving skills Attention to detail and strong organisational skills Superior verbal and written communication skills A team player with a positive attitude and professional approach   What's On Offer?   Growing company - currently acquiring new businesses Add genuine value through process improvement You will be joining a high performing 'fun' team Up to 6 months - commence late April Gain valuable project experience Competitive rate   If this role appeals to you and you have the skill set and attitude to match, APPLY NOW or contact Hayley Coghill on 0431 677 784 for further details.      To apply for this role please follow the apply now button or for a confidential discussion please contact me on the number below 
 Immediately available permanent Finance Officer opportunity, contact Mark Robson 62576344 Your new company Your new organisation is a large membership based organisation in the inner South of Canberra. This organisation has experienced recent growth in membership numbers and is busily arranging many National events to support their industry. Easily accessible via public transport, this organisation is currently seeking a finance officer. Your new role Reporting to the Finance Manager you will undertake the role of a Finance Officer. This role will encompass all areas of the accounting support function and will require previous experience across the board within accounts payable, accounts receivable, payroll, account reconciliation and some month end reporting including BAS. This role will ideally start immediately, which will allow for a lengthy handover. What you'll need to succeed To be successful in this role you will need to have a strong background across the accounting function. Proven experience in payroll, accounts payable and accounts receivable is paramount, as well as use of MYOB or Accpac. Strong Excel and communication skills are also essential for this role. What you'll get in return As well as the opportunity to work within a highly respected organisation, you will receive an extremely competitive salary with benefits. You will also be given the opportunity to work in dynamic, new, modern offices with a friendly, sociable team. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your resume to mark.robson@hays.com.au, or call 02 6257 6344. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 A senior Accountant with experience in fixed assets and project accounting. Your new company Long term interim assignment now available to join a blue chip organisation, Fixed Asset and CAPEX focus this position will sit within their Corporate Finance team. Your new role Your key deliverable will be managing a large Asset portfolio, covering all aspects from data integrity through to depreciation calculations, you will also require experience in financial modelling, excellent articulation skills and be a confident public speaker when liaising with key stakeholders. What you'll need to succeed To be successful in obtaining this position, you will be required to obtain either CA or CPA or be near to completion of this qualification with on the job experience covering for a high transaction Asset management for a Tier 1 sized organisation. What you'll get in return You must be able to work in a fast paced environment with minimal on the job training. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
The company: As one of Australia's leading property players, our client boasts an enviable portfolio of groundbreaking and award wining developments across commercial, residential, retail and industrial developments. Their reputation for quality, excellence and originality in their projects are second to none, which coupled with an outstanding senior management team, numerous internal career paths throughout finance and ultra stylish offices make this a career opportunity not to miss.  The roles: Reporting to the CFO, an experienced Finance Manager / Senior Financial Accountant is required to join an expanding finance department of 40+ staff. As Finance Manager, you will be responsible for day to day accounting of a number of commercial developments including budgeting, forecasting, and reporting. Key responsibilities will include: Delivery of accounts for designated properties Complete balance sheet reconciliations Mentoring/training of Junior staff members Preparation of statutory reports Liaising with ATO Calculate rental liabilities Assist in preparing annual budgets &amp; forecasts Prepare analysis &amp; commentary to quarterly/ annual management reports Other associated accounting duties You will also be expected to suggest improvements to current processes and procedures where ever possible, along with involvement in various finance projects as/ when required. The role also involves regular stake holder management both within finance and operations, as such it is essential that you possess impeccable written and verbal communication skills.  The candidate: To be considered for either of these exceptional opportunities, we are looking for the following skills and experience: Qualified CA or CPA Previous responsibility for delivering accounting results and budgets/ forecasts Detailed understanding of property leasing and recovery calculations Excellent time management/planning skills  Exposure to property industry experience                     **Exposure to Property is essential**  If you are confident that you have the skills and experience outlined above, we are keen to hear from you. To apply please forward your resume to Marion Ludeking using the links below. About us: Appreciating Talent is  a brand new specialist recruitment firm, created and owned by a small group of Sydney's most successful and longest serving Accounting &amp; Finance recruitment professionals. Between us we have almost 50 years of in-depth market knowledge and networks across Sydney, covering the entire Commercial Accounting market from CFO's down to Accounts Payable officers, and everything in between. Knowledge is our trade, and we differ through our service. www.appreciatingtalent.com.au 
 My client is an ASX200, market-leading company that has a very strong footprint in the Australian market with international operations also. Through organic growth and aggressive acquisition, they continue to grow rapidly year-on-year. Due to an internal promotion, they are currently seeking an experienced Senior Finance Analyst who is hungry to develop professionally to join their Eastern suburbs office. You will be working with stakeholders of all levels, including C-suite exposure as well, so this truly is a career defining role. This organisation provides an excellent culture, flexible working conditions and also will always look to develop people internally and promote them before looking externally. As the Senior Finance Analyst you will be the key business partner to key business unit leaders and drive the agreed deliverables. In this role you will be required to deliver the budgets and forecasts, long-range planning, present analysis to unit heads, work autonomously and influence key stakeholders connected to this function. You will offer a good track record of planning, analysis, managing and delivering on projects as a finance representative working alongside Corporate, along with strong attention to detail - as you will be required to work with large data sets. You will be ideally CA/CPA qualified, hailing from a chartered background with a move into industry where you have proven experience partnering multiple departments. Your ability to draw meaningful analysis and insights out of data to then influence stakeholders at all levels, will be the key to your success. It obviously goes without saying that you will possess excellent analytical skills and will be comfortable with building new financial models. Given your exposure to senior stakeholders, it goes without saying that you will possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to influence at all levels. To apply online please click the Apply button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Ash Parsons at Ambition on 8629 1021. 
 Mid tier firm in Melbourne Inner East, work with a varied client base. Excellent training &amp; development Your new company A high growth mid-tier firm based in Inner East Melbourne, require an Intermediate Accountant to join their team. You will be given the opportunity to develop client facing experience in a professional and supportive team environment, within a desirable practice. Your new role As an Intermediate Accountant, you will work strategically with Management and the Partner in servicing and maintaining strong working relationships with a range of clients. Responsibilities include: Preparation of financial statements, income tax returns and Business Activity Statements for all entity types Superannuation fund compliance and audit Liaising with clients What you'll need to succeed To be considered for this role, you should possess the following attributes: 1-3 years prior experience with an Australian public practice Degree qualified and ideally studying towards CPA/CA Sound knowledge of all accounting products with strong skills within BGL 360 and Handisoft being highly regarded Outstanding technical skills in a range of areas including superannuation, income tax, accounting, compliance obligations, GST and payroll tax Team orientated and friendly Ability to use initiative, to respond quickly to change and meet deadlines Ability to work autonomously Outstanding communication skills (written and verbal) What you'll get in return You will be joining a highly regarded mid tier firm and will have the opportunity to work across a diverse client portfolio. On offer is a competitive salary package, modern working environment and ongoing training &amp; development opportunities. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Gary France on 96049691. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
Our client is a long established Australian multinational service provider with a focus on leading edge technology. The company is going through an exciting period of growth both locally and internationally. An  opportunity has arisen for an experienced Financial Controller to join the business on a contract basis for at least 12 months. As the Financial Controller you will be responsible for supporting the CFO in all financial matters of the business. This will range from statutory reporting and compliance to group consolidation and quarterly reporting as well as oversight of corporate budget and costs. You will also manage cashflow reporting &amp; taxation returns. This is a hands-on role managing a small team which will require getting involved at a strategic level as well as at a detailed level. You will ideally be CA/CPA with a solid background in group finance with a mix of technical accounting as well as commercial decision support experience. This role will be heavily involved with liaising with divisional teams and overseas colleagues so we require a confident and organised finance professional who is not afraid to get involved in the detail but can also step back and understand the bigger picture. Candidates should be available to start within the next few weeks. To apply please forward your details to Ian McAlpine by clicking on the Apply button below. Please attach your cv in WORD FORMAT ONLY when applying, or telephone the Consultant listed below for a confidential discussion. 
 Gowrie NSW is seeking an Accounts Payable Officer to join our small, but high performing finance team. The position is currently based in Mascot, however we will be moving to North Sydney from July 2018.  About Gowrie NSW A leader in early and middle childhood for 75 plus years, Gowrie NSW is a surplus for purpose organisation providing a range of education and care, family support and professional development programs to the early and middle childhood sector across NSW and ACT. We are a growing organisation and employ many dedicated professionals, we offer excellent rewards and recognition, a supportive working and learning environment, and opportunities for professional development and continued learning. The Role We are looking to appoint an Accounts Payable Officer to work as part of our team of 4 finance specialists. The role is responsible for ensuring that suppliers are accurately established, and invoices are accurately entered in to our system, and paid in accordance with Gowrie NSW payment policies and that refunds to Parents are authorised and processed in a timely manner. About you We are seeking someone with a diploma or degree in accounting with the following skills and experience:  Minimum of 3 years Accounts payable experience Exposure to a number of accounting system packages Good excel experience Quick and accurate data entry skills Good communication skills Able to establish and maintain productive working relationships with colleagues and customers Able to meet deadlines We offer above award rates of pay, a supportive working and learning environment, and excellent opportunities for professional development and continued learning opportunities. Next steps To apply, send a written application with details of your qualifications and experience to hr@gowriensw.com.au.  We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
 Forward thinking firm, looking for an energetic intermediate to join their supportive &amp; well established team. Your new company This well-established boutique firm offers the perfect balance of managers, seniors, intermediates and a practice manager. This professional and supportive boutique offers great team culture, with a solid focus on training and development. This firm provides its clients with a lot of value add virtual CFO services. Your new role The role will include duties such as however not limit to: Preparation of income tax returns Fringe benefits tax returns Tax advice Tax planning Preparation of financial statements Ensuring financial records are in order Liaising with the ATO What you'll need to succeed Successful accountants at this firm offer a lot of energy, with a strong desire to learn and progress their career. You will be required to have at least 3 years' experience, as well as being CPA/CA qualified or working towards completion. Effective time management is essential, as well as strong communication and computer literacy skills. What you'll get in return In return, you will receive competitive remuneration in a well-established firm. You will receive excellent training and development, with an opportunity for career progression. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Tom Miles 96049517 now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 About the Company: This complex organisation is at the forefront of the property industry. Along with most of the property industry, they have been and continue to experience steady growth and are constantly looking at ways to innovate and improve customer experience and market footprint. About the Role: Due to the current Senior Financial Accountant moving overseas, there is a great opportunity for an ambitious, dedicated and up and coming accounting specialist to join the team and grow their career. The focus of this role initially is to take ownership of the group statutory reporting and compliance. The role will then evolve over the next 12 months to incorporate some management reporting, analysis and project based work to support the finance transformation program. Duties: Responsibilities include but may not be limited to: Preparation of consolidated financial statements; Preparation of annual statutory accounts for subsidiary and group; Liaise with external auditors; Building and maintaining relationships with both internal and external stakeholders; Adoption of accounting standards; and Assist Financial Controller with any ad hoc duties. Skills &amp; Experience: The successful candidate will be: CA / CPA qualified; Confident in verbal and written communication; Able to display at least three years' experience in a similar role; Professional, driven and a high achiever; and Big 4 trained with a couple years' experience in a commercial industry. Highly desirable but not essential. Culture: Fantastic modern facilities with a high performing and supportive environment, who also like to have fun and be social. They have a strong belief in continuous development and career growth. How to Apply: For more information, please call Adrian Zanatta at u&amp;u on 02 8245 7913, quoting reference number 11300. Alternatively, to submit an application, please click below. Please submit your resume in Word format only. 
 ** Contact John O'Connor, specialist in IT strategy &amp; architecture recruitment on 03 8330 5017 ** This is a fantastic opportunity to join a company undergoing a major phase of growth and transformation. We are seeking a Security Architect to work in Melbourne CBD on a permanent basis, as part of a major transformation across the organisation. You will be planning and designing security architecture, performing risk and security assessments, and responding to security incidents and threats. The successful candidate will have: Strong experience in architecture roles Extensive security experience Security certifications are desirable, e.g. CISSP, CISM, CISA or SABSA An appetite for working in a change environment Proven experience as a Security Architect in mid to large size organisations For further information please call John O'Connor on 03 8330 5017 or Anna Mercer on 03 8330 5002. IMPORTANT: By submitting your email address and any other personal information when you APPLY to a job, you consent to such information being collected, held, used and disclosed in accordance with our COLLECTIONS NOTICE and PRIVACY POLICY. http://www.bluefinresources.com.au/privacy-policy 
 Your new company This Government Department is preferred employer amongst job seekers as they are at the forefront in the appreciation of the work life balance, they are determined not to overwork their current staff which is why they are looking for an experienced Financial Accountant to join their dedicated team. Your new role This Federal Government department is seeking a dynamic and highly skilled individual to perform tasks inclusive of, but not limited the following: Contributing to the Departments monthly/annual financial reports Reconciliations for balance sheet items Provide assistance with the preparation of budget Monthly management reports Liaise with internal and external stakeholders. What you'll need to succeed You will be required to have proven success working in a similar role. You must have or be working towards CA or CPA qualifications, excellent written and verbal communication skills and a proactive attitude with strong interpersonal skills. This Role is only open to Australian Citizens and you will also need a strong understanding of the guidelines and requirements in which the APS is run. What you'll get in return This is a 6 month contract offering a competitive hourly rate. There is the opportunity for contract extension, you will also receive the opportunity to work in a strong and supportive environment where you will have the opportunity to extend and develop your career. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Jessica Kiah on (02) 6257 6344 now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are keen on exploring a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 We currently have an exciting opportunity for a Payroll Officer to join a leading shared services group who look after large-scale Australian owned organisations. This current opportunity is located in the Melbourne CBD and one where the company is known for their positive and supportive nature. Client Details Our client looks after some of Australia's most recognisable organisations within a wide-range of industries. The client prides themselves on their high speed and level of accuracy in all payroll related activities. This position is one that will have you working as a Payroll Officer at their offices located in the Melbourne, where they offer great working conditions for their employees in a large-team environment. Description Reporting to the Payroll Manager, your role will include but will not be limited to: Accurately process end to end Payroll for all staff Prepare and process starters, leavers and all leave entitlements Interpretation of relevant awards and EBA's Monthly reconciliations for all Payroll activities Dealing with payroll queries from management and staff Other ad-hoc duties as required by the manager Profile The successful applicant would ideally have previous experience in a similar end to end payroll position and be able to demonstrate effective communication skills to all relevant stakeholders. The ability to work cohesively and efficiently in a team based environment is required as well as the ability to meet strict weekly payroll deadlines. A positive attitude and willingness to learn is essential. Previous experience using ADP or Micropay payroll systems would be considered advantageous. Job Offer Permanent Position Supportive Working Culture Easily Accessible Location Attractive Salary + Superannuation To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact James Stewart on +61 3 8616 6219. 
 Lower North Shore Location Long Established Dealership To $80k + Super Our client is a long established, area landmark new car dealership located on Sydney's lower North Shore. The dealership is in the market to hire an Accountant or Assistant Accountant to assist the Financial Controller. The dealership offers stability and security of tenure, and a friendly working environment. Applicants for this role MUST have automotive industry experience, preferably gained in a franchised car dealership. An accounting qualification will give you a strong advantage, but automotive industry experience is mandatory, and applicants without this experience will be rejected. You must be totally reliable, be seeking a long term position, and be easily able to commute to this area of Sydney. Salary envisaged for this role will be up to $80k + super. Interested and suitably qualified applicants should email their resumes to George Hennessy at georgeh@motorstaff.com.au For many other Motor Industry positions please visit our website at www.motorstaff.com.au, follow us on face book at www.facebook.com.au/motorstaff and join my LinkedIn network. Your resume must contain your address so we can assess commuting requirements. Applicants must be physically located in Australia and must be Australian or New Zealand citizens or hold a permanent residency visa. IF YOU ARE NOT AN AUSTRALIAN CITIZEN OR PERMANENT RESIDENT, CURRENTLY LOCATED IN AUSTRALIA, YOUR APPLICATION WILL NOT BE ACKNOWLEDGED. 
 Australian Pacific College is a large and growing Australian privately owned RTO that has been operating in Australia for over 20 years. Campuses are located in the Sydney CBD, Bondi Junction, Manly Beach, Brisbane CBD and Melbourne CBD. Our courses include English Language Intensive Courses for Overseas Students (ELICOS) and Vocational Education and Training (VET) courses. For more information please visit us at www.apc.edu.au, www.englishunlimited.qld.edu.au and www.aptt.edu.au We are seeking an enthusiastic Financial Accountant to join our Sydney CBD office reporting to the finance manager as Financial Accountant for Revenue. This will be a 6 months fixed term role allowing to contribute into all areas of finance including management accounting. Our ideal candidate would be a deadline driven, with experience in all aspects of Financial / management accounting. Communicate with other business functions and help the finance manager in day to day operations when called upon to complete the implementation work required by existing and upcoming projects. Key Responsibilities: Prepare and post Revenue amortisation, commission accrual month end journals Month end process and ensure all tasks completed on time Prepare Monthly management report College, Service Entities P&amp;L State/By Course Staff / Students / Revenue / Cost review “ ratios, Actual Vs Budget analysis and commentary Marketing / agents costs analysis and reporting BAS preparation for College &amp; service entities, tax expense journal preparation and posting Prepare balance sheet reconciliations for all entities asset accounts Peer review balance sheet reconciliation for all entities liability accounts Quarterly forecast preparation for college and service entities Annual budget preparation for college and service entities Yearend Financial Accounts preparation Supervise Accounts officer (part time) Essentials skills and experience: CA/CPA Qualified Three to five years post qualified experience Proactive, Self-Starter and Fast Learner Excellent verbal/written communication and comprehension skills; Excellent problem solving and analytical skills Ability to think outside the square for solutions Proven experience working across the organisation to understand requirements and priorities; Demonstrated capacity to work as part of a team; and Advanced Excel skills with experience in automation for repetitive and high volume transactions, also extracting and manipulating data for reporting and analysis. Desirable skills &amp; experience: Experience in education industry Experience with external and internal audits Experience with Business Services for medium to large entities Working knowledge and experience with all areas of payroll and employment related requirements (including FBT, Superannuation, Payroll Tax, Workers Compensation) Exhibit Enterprise Education attributes such as innovation, think outside square for solutions and improve processes, collaboration with other functions and departments Ability to work in a flexible manner and meet deadlines Ability to work as part of a diverse team A competitive salary will be negotiated for the successful candidate depending on experience and qualifications. You must have the permanent right to live and work in Australia to apply for this job. Prefer candidates who can start immediately or short notice. We are actively recruiting for this role - if you feel you meet the criteria and would like to be considered, please don't delay in hitting 'Apply Now' and submitting your resume. We look forward to receiving your application. Alternatively please send your resume and covering letter to jobs@apc.edu.au Only successful candidates will be contacted. Recruitment agencies need not apply. 
THE COMPANY Based in the Melbourne CBD, this company is a long standing name in the Health Industry. Known nationally, this organisation has a strong reputation and offers a welcoming environment to any new employee.  THE ROLE The opportunity available is for a Company Accountant to join on a 5 month fixed term contract, working a total of 4 days per week (Monday to Thursday.) THE RESPONSIBILITIES Reporting to the CEO, this part time opportunity encompasses many duties: Maintain financial records Develop and implement relevant policies and procedures Payroll preparation  PAYG and BAS statement preparation and lodgment Bank account maintenance Reconciliations Financial report preparation and distribution Account auditing Asset register maintenance  Undertake various projects as directed  THE REQUIREMENTS CPA / CA Qualified MYOB Advanced essential Relevant experience in a similar role previously Appropriate legislation understanding  Strong Excel skills  Excellent work ethic and ability to work autonomously   Experience in a Not For Profit? Beneficial! If you think you can meet all of the above requirements and that this is the job for you please click APPLY below.  Please be aware that only those shortlisted will be contacted. 
 Part time “ 45.6 hours per fortnight Resthaven Inc is a leader within aged care services, currently providing residential and community services as well as retirement living in South Australia. Resthaven is highly respected for the provision of responsive and quality services to older people. As a result of continued growth in the organisation, we have a permanent part time position available for a highly experienced Payroll Officer to assist with the production of payroll for over 2,300 employees. Based at our head office at Wayville and working as an important member of the payroll team you will be responsible for assisting with all payroll processes including processing of pay runs, maintenance of payroll files, month and year end reporting, processing workers compensation payments and responding to payroll related enquiries in a confidential manner.  Generally the hours will be Monday, Tuesday and Fridays however additional days will be required to cover leave within the area. This is an integral role within a small supportive team environment. You will have demonstrated experience with computerised payroll preparation, an ability to interpret industrial awards and agreements and proficiency in Microsoft Excel and Word.  The role requires excellent analytical and problem solving skills and well developed interpersonal skills with the ability to work with minimal supervision. We offer an attractive salary with salary sacrifice benefits and opportunities for ongoing professional development. Experience with CIM software and experience in either Aged Care Industry or other Health Organisation will be viewed favourably. Enquiries to Ellen Helm, Manager Human Resources, Tel: 8373 9073 To apply and for job description visit our website on www.resthaven.asn.au and click onto Careers Applications close 9:00am Monday 30 April 2018     
 We have a hands on role for a degree qualified accountant and offer comprehensive training and a flexible and relaxed working environment. Major duties will involve taxation and business advisory. Audit and/or SMSF experience well regarded and salary and position will be comensurate with experience. Professionalism, confidentiality and good communication skills essential. 
 Temp to perm role Immediate start True business partnering position This industry leading and well-known business that has a professional, yet down to earth culture has a great opportunity for a high performing Senior Financial Analyst to join the commercial finance team, headed up by an impressive manager. This business is experiencing significant change and this is role is considered key in helping the business understand the key drivers so sound business decisions can be made. You will be responsible for assisting the budgeting and planning function, including analysis of KPI's, and rolling forecasts. You will also utilise your financial modelling skills to evaluate ad-hoc queries from time to time. You will help drive positive business outcomes through information-based decision support. You will have exceptional business partnering skills and will be considered to be an expert in this field. You will most likely have approximately 6 years plus proven experience in a fast-growth business. You will come with solid Financial Planning and Analysis experience with exceptional stakeholder management skills. This business is in real growth stages and requires someone who can be hands on with the confidence in dealing with executives across the business. If you are up for the challenge please submit your details today. For more information please contact Rachel Morton 03 8399 9318. 
 The Organisation A reputable Sale based business consulting firm, our client is committed to providing speciality services in the areas of taxation, business advice, assets protection, superannuation, financial strategies and estate planning to support their clients. They have built a reputation for providing personalised and strategic business advisory services based on professionalism and integrity. The Opportunity Due to growth, an opportunity exists for an experienced Bookkeeper to join their Sale team. This offers a rare opportunity to become part of a supportive and high achieving team. Our client offers a distinctive value proposition - the opportunity to be part of a dynamic and innovative business focused on success; a business where you will be given the tools to achieve a successful and financially rewarding career within the company. The Position A motivated self-starter, your drive to help build the business will reward you with a diverse role where you will be responsible for the provision of professional and high quality support to the senior accountants and business advisors: liaising with clients regarding important financial matters; assisting with all financial requirements to ensure compliance; bookkeeping duties involving varied software; preparation of BAS returns; reconciliations, journal entries, and analysis; prepare regular reports and summaries of accounting activities; and contributing to process improvement initiatives and efficiencies. So if you are¦. an excellent communicator with strong interpersonal skills and the ability to develop and maintain client relationships; proficient in the Microsoft Office suite and varied accounting software skills; able to demonstrate work experience or have spent time in a bookkeeping / accounting office; willing to learn and progress in a growing business; exceptional with attention to detail and super organised; and able to demonstrate experience, working towards or qualified with a relevant certificate. then APPLY NOW or for any enquiries, please contact Kristin Ford or Jonathan Armstrong DFP Recruitment Services on 03 5176 3140. Your confidentiality is assured. By submitting an application you agree to our Privacy and Information Collection Policy located at www.dfp.com.au 
   About the business and the role Accountant Casual in view for full time for the right person   We are an award-winning boutique Accounting &amp; Advisory firm. We need an outstanding young Accountant who is aiming on creating an exceptionally bright future! Yep, we have a vacancy right now but not just any vacancy, THE VACANCY for a young gun.   About us We are an Innovated dynamic firm that helps our clients minimise tax legally, keep them on track with their tax lodgement obligations, increase profits &amp; earnings and help create, build &amp; protect their wealth.   Our Mission (is what we get out of bed EVERYDAY to achieve...) Every day we increase &amp; protect our clients net worth from Generation to Generation   Our Vision (is what we're striving to become) Our vision is to be regarded by small to medium sized business owners as the leading accounting firm for growth, advice &amp; business success.   Our Values Integrity &amp; Accountability Innovation &amp; Passion Quality Relationships FUN   Your Potential Role Playing an integral role providing tax compliance services to our client base of SME business &amp; individual clients, the opportunity is to learn how to become a dynamic tax accountant and advisor in a truly inspirational business. We provide a range of tax compliance activities for our expanding client base including, preparation of tax returns for Individuals, Companies, Trust, SMSF, Superfunds, Partnerships, FBT, GST, income tax advice, BAS preparation, financial accounts preparation &amp; structuring advice. Equally important to the technical aspects of the role is an ability to develop and maintain client relationships. Rarely does an opportunity come along that will provide you with direct access &amp; mentoring with a very experienced practitioner &amp; director of the firm, using a very prescriptive method of on the job training, your role will be to learn progressively while you are applying your learning to real live client work. The role will be a casual position initially with a full-time role offered to the right person. Our firm is based in East Maitland.   The Ideal Applicant Ideally you will be qualified with a minimum of 3 years public practice experience, you must have an ambition and a &quot;can do&quot; attitude and a belief that you are capable of a large amount of professional growth over a short number of years and willingness to listen and carry out tasks as outlined for you by our leader and management. You will need to be a team player that appreciates a professional relaxed successful environment where our Mission, Vision &amp; Values are not just words, they are the very reason for our being.   Job tasks and responsibilities Preparation of tax returns for Individuals, Companies, Trust, SMSF, Superfunds, Partnerships, FBT, GST income tax advice, BAS preparation, financial accounts preparation &amp; structuring advise. Must have ambition and have a willingness to listen to management Team player   Skills and experience Minimum of three to five years' experience in all job tasks and responsibilities Public Practice experience with clients Team player     
 Your new company This leading Federal Government Department operates on a national basis to provide a high quality services that benefits the nationwide community. They are a small Government Department that values the contribution of their staff and aim to develop the skills of individuals throughout their career. Your new role This exciting role will require you to effectively and efficiently demonstrate skills inclusive of, but not limited to the following: Internal Budgeting Financial Costing Financial Modelling Liaise with stake holders Month end reporting Financial Analysis What you'll need to succeed You will receive the opportunity to demonstrate the above listed skills within this new role. You must also have experience working within the APS and have a solid understanding of ASP guidelines and standards. To be eligible for this role Australian Citizenship is a necessity, you must also possess the ability to obtain and maintain a Government security clearance (Baseline, NV1, NV2) What you'll get in return You will receive an attractive 9 month hourly rate contract with a chance of extension, within this role you will have the opportunity to develop and obtain new and existing skills. This department is also in a great central location. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Jessica Kiah on 62576344 or email Jessica.kiah@hays.com.au. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 About The Lucas Group: The Lucas Group is one of Melbourne's most dynamic and progressive hospitality groups. Encompassing the hugely successful Chin Chin Restaurant &amp; GoGo Bar in Melbourne's vibrant Flinders Lane along with the stylish and authentic Baby Pizzeria, Kong BBQ in Richmond, newly opened Hawker Hall located on bustling Chapel Street in Windsor. As The Lucas Group continues to expand, we can provide the opportunity to further develop and advance your career. Renowned for our dynamic concepts, excellent cuisine, exceptional guest service and upbeat venues, we are always on the lookout for new talent to add to our existing teams. About the Role: Reporting the the GM of Corporate Support Services and working collaboratively with our existing Payroll Officer, the opportunity on offer is a permanent part time position (4 days a week “ Monday is essential and all other days negotiable). Process weekly pay run of 600+ employees Process entitlements &amp; terminations pays Preparation of payroll reconciliations as required for employees or finance team Attend to all new starters in relation to payroll compliance documents Complete EOM/quarterly/yearly statutory reporting Provide Payroll support to all stakeholders within the business Ensure all details and records are maintained accurately System maintenence  Skills &amp; Experience: Previous experience in similar role Sound understanding of employment laws Exceptional Customer Service skills Adaptability and a high attention to detail Proven organisational and communication skills Experience in Riteq or similar time and attendance system (advantageous) HR 3 experience or similar Payroll system Experience with systems implementation and maintenance highly regarded Payroll experience in the hospitality industry is not essential but advantageous Must have unlimited work rights in Australia How to Apply: Click 'Apply' and submit your current CV and Cover Letter. If you require further information, contact Recruitment on 9223 7313. 
 The Company This dynamic and growing Chartered Accounting practice provides professional services in the areas of Business Services, Tax Compliance, Auditing and Financial Planning. The Opportunity A rare and exciting opportunity to join a well-established, successful firm Bayside location. Due to an increase growth in the business, they are looking for a Business Services Manager who is results focused and highly motivated. They currently have a vacancy for a hands-on, dedicated and pro-active business services manager with a minimum of 10 years' experience in public practice.  Ideally, you will: Have a minimum 5 years' experience in a business services management role  Be CA/CPA Qualified  Be able to manage workflow for the team  Be able to prioritise, delegate and review work for the team  Have a sense of urgency to get the job done  Have an eye for the innovative  Be able to streamline processes  Be personable and approachable  Be able to build strong relationships with clients  Have excellent communication and written skills  Your Role will include: Budgeting, cash-flow management, financial management Be able to provide a strong consultative approach and build long term relationship with clients Be able to provide strong financial &amp; tax expertise to clients Managing client list and lodgement enquiries Providing a strong consultative approach to your clients What's on Offer A growing firm where you will develop and progress in your career Supportive Partners, managers and a great team environment Be exposed to a high amount of consulting  Plenty of Client Interaction! This is a fantastic opportunity to join a firm that really takes care of its staff and promotes an environment where you can grow and develop your skills. They reward their staff well and there is an extra incentive based on KPI's.     Our client believes that their team members are the heart and soul of their business. Their guiding principles are integrity, respect, teamwork, achievement and innovation. They value team members contributions, recognise and reward their efforts and provide a fun, satisfying and safe workplace.  To apply for this role, please send your resume in WORD format through the APPLY button. Alternatively, you can call Sarah Murch on (03) 9077 7491.  All communication will be strictly confidential. 
 Opportunity has emerged for Manager, Finance Partner Treasury Showcase your in-depth Finance Partnering experience 12 month fixed term contract   We're NAB For more than 150 years, we've been helping our customers with their money. Today, we have more than 35,000 people serving 10 million customers at more than 800 locations in Australia, New Zealand and around the world. We have built our business on understanding our customers and supporting them. We aim to take the hard work out of banking. As Australia's largest business bank, we work with small, medium and large businesses to help them start, run and grow. We fund some of the most important infrastructure in our communities “ including schools, hospitals and roads. And we do it in a way that's responsible, inclusive and innovative. More than money We know that to be Australia and New Zealand's most respected bank, we need to be good with money. And we need to be just as good with people, too. About the role   The role of a Manager, Finance Partner Treasury will be to provide commercial financial leadership and advice to the business, through understanding and interpreting financial results and business trends; creating insights to assist the business to understand plan challenges and opportunities ensuring the business meets their key objectives; coupled with enabling effective business decision making and drive stronger business performance. Accountabilities In this pivotal and exciting role, your key responsibilities will include: Provide strategic and commercial advice through partnering with the business to provide/present, financial and non-financial results, performance drivers &amp; trends, scenarios to enable a deeper understanding of the business performance and stronger business decision making. Identify financial performance trends, both positive and negative, and, through critical review &amp; analysis of internal and external factors, develop and recommend short and longer term strategies to improve business performance. Work with the central planning teams to relay business knowledge that can be leveraged during the target setting and planning process. Engage and liaise with the business and their partners around executing plan target allocations. Create insights to assist the business in understanding plan challenges and opportunities to meet plan. Interface and engagement between business and Group Finance teams for technical issues. Skills and experience You will have demonstrated experience working in a similar senior Finance Partner role supporting a Treasury function within a large financial services organisation. You will have a proven deep understanding and knowledge of Treasury, hedge accounting, and finance markets and products; as well as ideally previous experience working in a Product Control function. Your extensive background in commercial and financial management planning and reporting along with your demonstrated analytical and financial modeling capabilities will ensure your success in this position. You will have highly evolved communication skills coupled with critical thinking and ability to engage and influence across a wide range of stakeholders. A relevant qualification in Commerce, Accounting or Business; and post tertiary qualification (CFA, CA, CPA, Masters of Finance etc.) is essential. Culture We believe in people with ideas and dreams, and we want you to achieve your aspirations. At NAB we work together to deliver exceptional outcomes that push the limits of expectations. Our passion about creating value and exceeding our customers' expectations means we're constantly striving to redefine our standards of excellence. How to apply If you are ready to take the next step in your career, we are keen to hear from you! Please note, candidate screening and interviews may take place prior to the advertised close date. To be eligible to apply, you must have Australian or New Zealand citizenship or permanent residency status. Please apply via the link. We embrace diversity of thought, style and working arrangements to ensure our workforce is representative of the community that we serve. 
Our client, a growing technology and infrastructure based business are looking to recruit a Highly capable Financial Controller to manage a team of 5 in finance assuming full finance responsibilities for the corporate and operating divisions    Being an industry leader in their field, this high growth, privately held Technology business with a turnover of $100 million per annum, is poised for further growth throughout 2018/2019. In line with their expansion plans, they are looking for an experienced Financial Controller to look after one of their business divisions based in North Sydney/St Leonards. Reporting to the CFO and the Group MD, you will have full remit to manage and oversee the Finance function and have full the P&amp;L responsibility for the various operating businesses. Key Responsibilities:    Manage and continually improve all financial functions within the business and ensure compliance with all statutory reporting requirements. Provide high quality management information including; short &amp; long term budgets; cash flow forecasts and relevant management reports. Oversee project revenue management. Work with external banking, financial and auditing representatives, as required, to meet internal objectives or statutory requirements Support and provide financial insights to the Exec team relating to profit analysis, identify costs savings, process efficiency and cash management Provide financial support and input for bid/tender opportunities Oversee weekly cash forecast and cash management Act as a business partner with operations in relations to productivity, cash positions and ensuring the business is operating at an efficient manner Take lead on possible process improvements within the business Manage relevant statutory reporting and compliance matters as a team.    Expereince &amp; Qualifications: High level of technical accounting ability and extensive experience required with accuracy and reliability being essential.CA or CPA qualification Experience in preparing financial statements and cash flow reports will be highly valued. Sound proficiency with ERP systems, ideally with experience/interest in system implementation and process improvements. Well-developed communication skills to deal with all staff levels, including managing an established finance team, dynamic sales team and executive management team Proven leadership skills to keep the financial team responsive and motivated Experience in business planning, review, financial analysis and reporting 
The Organisation Our client is a well-established, Australian owned business with over 30 years of expertise in their field. They pride themselves on providing the highest quality of service to their clients and customers. They have built a strong working culture which provides their employees with work life flexibility as well as a friendly and supportive team environment. An opportunity for an experienced Accounts Officer has become available to join their team based in Hawthorn East.    Position Description  With a view of being a key contact for the Finance Manager, you will be responsible for but not limited to the following duties; Accounts Payable Processing supplier invoices following the companies approval processes Ensure timely payments are made of supplier invoices via weekly payment runs Reconciling creditor statements Preparation and lodgment of Bas Following proper financial procedures and controls in relation to cash, expenditures and reporting Handling Accounts Payable queries in a timely and professional manner Assist with the reconciliations of corporate credit cards and managing staff expense Ad hock office Administration   Accounts Receivable  Customer account and bank statement reconciliations Preparing balance sheet account reconciliations Customer progress billings Crediting and re-issuing of invoices with errors Claims and rebates reporting Month end close including reporting and analysis Handling queries with internal and external stakeholders As well as other ad hoc duties assigned by your manager Candidate Profile The successful applicant will have: Proven experience in a similar Accounts Officer role High level of interpersonal and time management skills The ability to multi task and work in a fast paced environment Ability to innovate, engage team members and collaborate as part of the team Ability to reconcile high volume of creditor statements High attention to detail Driven and self-motivated To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Artemis Vrionis on 0488 698 544, quoting Ref No. 696805. 
 Travel Management Services Company Permanent Position Our client is a highly awarded travel management company that offers their client's innovation, interactive technology, and the highest levels of customer service.  An excellent opportunity exists for a task focussed, professional and commercially orientated Financial Accountant to join the business.  Reporting to the Finance Manager, you will be responsible for a blended role, ensuring the integrity and completeness of all financial and associated ledgers of the company and its' related entities is delivered in a timely manner. This hands on role will include account reconciliations, general financial and management reporting, budgeting and forecasting, compliance, monthly payroll, assisting in preparing annual statutory accounts and monthly taxation returns.  You will also be involved in ad-hoc projects as the need arises. Naturally, you will have a high attention to detail, be helpful by nature, able to meet deadlines and have strong verbal and written communication skills.  You will have a minimum of 3 years' financial accounting experience working in a small - medium sized corporate or commercial business “ liaising with internal and external customers.  Experience working within the travel industry is highly desirable. You will be an intermediate to advanced user of Excel, have a degree in accounting (or similar) and will be either on the path to completing your CA/CPA or have already obtained CA/CPA qualification.  Experience working with MYOB is essential. This is a great opportunity to join a well-established company that offers a collaborative team environment and scope for career development. 
 This professional services firm has a reputation for the quality of strategies they offer their clients. With offices all around Australia, they are one the largest in their specific field. As the Accounts Payable Officer, you will report to the Accounts Payable Manager and take responsibility for all accounts payable processes for your business unit. You will be part of a large, high performing, collaborative team and more specifically, your role will include; Processing and paying a high volume of supplier invoices  Processing employee cash and credit card expense claims Processing bank entries, coordinate cash collections, and manage petty cash Reconciling bank statements and vendor accounts, monitor cash flow and debtors Other ad-hoc general finance duties You will have extensive expereince in a faced paced, high volume Accounts Payable team.  Your strong organisational skills and customer focus will enable you to succeed in a fast paced, professional services environment.     You will ideally have experience using a large ERP and it is essential you have intermediate excel skills.  For more information contact Savannah Cant on 07 3854 3806 or apply using the &quot;Apply&quot; button. 
 Robert Walters is an award-winning and world-leading specialist professional recruitment consultancy. We specialise in permanent and contract recruitment across all industry sectors. If you have the ambition to succeed, Robert Walters can offer you an outstanding international career path, ongoing development and exceptional earning potential. Our structured training programme underpins our success and ensures that our Graduate Recruitment Consultants pursue long-term careers. As a Graduate Recruitment Consultant at Robert Walters you will be surrounded by a successful, stable and supportive team that wants to see you succeed, where candidates and clients are shared and not owned thus promoting a team-based culture. Key Responsibilities  Servicing, nurturing and developing existing client relationships through meetings, client functions and events  Understanding clients' business operations and solving their recruitment needs  Developing new business with prospective clients and keeping in regular contact to build positive, productive and long-term corporate relationships  Selecting and matching candidates for appropriate positions, arranging interviews and fully briefing candidates on the company and role  Taking responsibility for candidate care and keeping in regular contact with our candidates  Achieving revenue targets and meeting individual and team KPIs in a fast moving and competitive sales environment Key Requirements  Degree qualified  Strong commercial acumen and ideally experience in a customer facing role  Desire to work in a target driven, sales environment  Excellent communication and presentation skills  A proactive and positive approach with a strong team ethic  Persistence, resilience, drive and a determination to succeed Benefits  Working for an award winning, globally recognised brand  Generous base salary and uncapped bonuses  Long-term career path from Graduate Recruitment Consultant with a proven policy of promoting from within  Global incentive trips for high achievers, this year it was in Las Vegas and next year is in Cambodia!  Supported by a structured training programme  Opportunity to work overseas in any of the 28 countries we have offices including Canada, the UK, Dubai and America to name a few There are very few careers available that provide the varied commercial challenges, the competitive, dynamic and results-oriented environment and out of the ordinary earning potential of recruitment. To apply please click apply or call Claire Wright on +61 3 86282144 for a confidential discussion. 
A great opportunity for an experienced Group Finance Manager to join a top ASX listed business who are an employer of choice. This organisation is a household Australian name who over recent years have grown exponentially. Due to internal moves and promotions the need for an experienced staff leader and developer has arisen within their group team       The Group Finance Manager is a key role in the Corporate team, involving significant stakeholder engagement and presence. Playing a senior role across a large function, your responsibilities will include playing an active role in driving the external reporting process, as well as proving key insights into the preparation of accounting advice papers and solutions to Senior Management. This role will expand, providing broader responsibilities and increased management to the successful candidate.      To be successful you will be CA qualified and will have extensive and detailed exposure to ASX reporting from either a commercial environment or a Manager level position within the Big 4 (with large listed clients) and be looking to make your 1st move. You will be seen as a natural leader, will the ability to effectively influence and provide clear direction across a dynamic organisation.      Please apply below or for further information contact James Chapman 
The Organisation: Listed mining and exploration organisation is looking for an experienced Finance Officer. This is an expanding and diversified mining organisation with numerous locations across Asia Pacific Region. You will be reporting into a manager who is knowledgeable, supportive and considerate of his staff.  He works diligently to support the team and has a very easy going, flexible and open management style.    The Position: You will love this position if you prefer a bit of variety in your work. You will ultimately be responsible for performing accounts payable and payroll duties with end of month accounting duties. This will include reanalysing balance sheet for accounts, posting journals, preparing suppliers reports and analysing monthly profit and loss. In addition, you will also be managing the payroll function. This will include setting up new employees, processing a fortnightly and monthly pay run, managing leave terminations.   Your Profile: Ultimately you will need to assume complete responsibility for your role and will need an extremely thorough knowledge of the Accounts Payable process.  Ideally you should have exposure to payroll but is not required. You should be an effective problem solver with great attention to detail and a proactive approach.  Experience on a MYOB system will be ideal.  To truly thrive in this challenging and very busy role, you will need to be self-motivated and highly results driven. Strong Excel skills are required.    To Apply: Please send your resume by clicking on the &quot;apply now&quot; button.  About Us: Abacus Human Capital is a boutique accounting recruitment specialist with an extensive network of closely aligned accounting contacts across Brisbane that have been developed over the last 9 years. Our candidate ethos is centred on building long-term partnerships whereby we understand your key career motivators and aspirations. Upon working together, we will provide you with regular feedback and will be entirely transparent with you about feedback we obtain from our clients.  If this is the approach you are looking for when working with a recruitment firm, do not wait to see your perfect role advertised before contacting us as most of our roles are filled by our own internal networks before they even make it to the advertisement stage 
 This global organisation requires the assistance of an experienced Payroll Administration Officer to assist with an influx of work. Reporting to the Payroll Manager, your responsibilities would include: Ensuring the integrity of the payroll data Assisting with payroll queries Upload new employee records &amp; contracts General admin as required Skills &amp; Experience Required: Experience with payroll administration/data entry Excellent communication &amp; customer service skills High attention to detail Good organisation skills &amp; able to work to deadlines To be considered for this opportunity, you must have proven Payroll experience, available to commence immediately and enjoy working in a team environment. Close to public transport and great coffee shops! Please apply today for immediate consideration. To apply online please click on the appropriate link below and send your resume in WORD format. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion please contact Marnie Wapshott or Mandi Vitalos on 03 9535 2111. ( SK97894A ) (SK98225A ) ( SK98226A ) Please visit www.veritasrecruitment.com.au to view more jobs. 
 On-hand training and study support Excellent growth prospects and mentorship Supportive culture that promotes work/life balance Due to an expanding client base and increasing workflow, this highly regarded local firm is looking for a high calibre Heavy Intermediate Accountant to join their close-knit team of professionals.  They are seeking someone who thrives in a team environment You will enjoy the work-life balance and culture the firm incessantly maintains. Reporting directly to one of the Managers, you will be required to work on a portfolio that possesses a handful of the firm's largest accounts. Thus the ideal accountant will be someone who thrives in working collaboratively within a team environment and enjoys learning and developing their skills as they go.  Ideally you will have: 2.5+ years' business services/tax experience in a local public practice firm CA or CPA qualified/studying Eager and motivated to learn Strong analytical skills Team Player Great communication skills To register your interest, apply below or please submit your CV to jmanoogian@hartrec.com.au or for a confidential discussion, call Julie on 02 8296 5888. 
 About the Company We are TJX Australia, operating TK Maxx in Australia. We're part of The TJX Companies, Inc., the leading off-price retailer of apparel and home fashions in the U.S. and worldwide “ with over 3,800 stores in 9 countries. We offer customers great value on a rapidly changing assortment of brand name and designer merchandise every day. Our mission is to deliver great value to our customers every day, which we achieve through the work of our growing and developing team. About the Role Reporting to the BP&amp;A supervisor, this Senior Analyst role offers a unique opportunity to be a commercially focused Business Partner. Providing financial planning and monitoring support that influence the operations and direction of TJX Australia. You will take a lead role in delivering insightful analysis to answer key business questions to help steer senior management in making day-to-day and long term strategic decisions. Working to establish and improve processes to set the foundations to support growth. Duties/ Responsibilities Business Planning &amp; Reporting Develop annual long range plans, annual budgets and monthly forecasts Financial reporting on functional cost centre expenses, incl. headcount and travel Capital planning and monitoring Partner with business functions to achieve planned outcomes, highlight opportunities and mitigate against risks Analysis Develop insightful analysis to improve revenue, profitability or efficiency Work with business partners to build financial business cases to support capital and or opex investments Continually challenge current thinking and make recommendations on how to optimise business opportunities and minimise risk/cost to the business Skills/ Experience Able to confidently communicate and influence across all level within the business High level of initiative and drive, combined with an analytical approach, problem solving and acute commercial awareness Prior experience in cost management reporting, control processes and forecast modelling Retail and/or supply chain experience advantageous Advanced MS Excel, with strong business modelling skills and understanding of analytical methodologies CA/CPA qualification or similar experience Big 4 or mid-tier accounting firm experience highly regarded Experience of any of the following systems is advantageous: Oracle, QlikView, Epicor, Magenta POS, TimeTarget, EssBase or Hyperion Planning We're all about people. That's why, when you join, you'll begin a Journey of Personal Discovery and Development. Are you ready for the adventure? We thank all applicants in advance as only successful applicants will be contacted for an Interview. 
 Bentleys (WA) Pty Ltd are part of a national network of professionals that provide a full range of services to our client base. These services include corporate advisory, audit, accounting services, business advisory, superannuation advice, estate and financial planning and taxation consulting. We are a City based practice operating from high quality premises with staff amenities including complementary access to our office gymnasium and end of trip facilities for those who wish to cycle to work. An opportunity has arisen for an Audit Senior to join the team with a leading mid-tier national chartered accounting firm. You will have between 3 to 5 years of practical audit and corporate services experience especially with a focus towards mining exploration companies listed on the Australian Securities Exchange. You will be required to be either CA or CPA qualified or in the process of obtaining this qualification. It is also a condition of employment that the applicant holds a driver's license valid in Australia and ready access to a motor vehicle. To be eligible to apply, you must have Australian Citizenship or hold a Permanent Residency status in Australia. This diverse role will offer you a high level of responsibility as you foster strong client relationships while developing technical and professional skills within a dynamic and supportive team environment. For more details about our firm please go to www.bentleys.com.au. If you think you have the ambition, positive attitude and skill set to join our team, apply now with your covering letter and resume in complete confidence by email to hr@perth.bentleys.com.au and quote Ref: AUD-SEN/042018. Please note, candidate screening and interviews may commence prior to the advertised closing date and only successful applicants will be contacted. Applicants who do not entirely fulfil the above criteria will not be considered. 
 My client are a national and reputable accounting firm who have over 150 professional staff and 15 Partners. In addition to there Private Clients &amp; Audit group they have a dedicated corporate tax team servicing a client base circa of $2M in fees. Tax clients that range and include; ultra net worth individuals, wealthy family group businesses, privately held businesses and large corporates turning over up to $1B per annum and from various industries. In place are a solid team of tax consultants and now due to immense growth to the tax team they are seeking a business savvy and technical Tax Associate/Director to join and lead the team of professionals by way of delivering on clients needs. The work load is a mixture of domestic &amp; international tax function including dealing with inbound and outbound issues. In addition, the tax function is predominately providing tax advise to clients whilst compliance work is focused amongst the junior staff members. My client are looking for the following qualities in a person:   minimum of 10 years corporate &amp; international tax experience in a big 4 or mid tier firm. experience in dealing with international tax issues by way of inbound and outbound businesses able to communicate with clients effectively solution to issues that arise ability to business develop a people person that can lead and guide a team of professionals a cohesive attitude to work life In return you will receive:   take ownership of a dynamic client base move into partnership within 1 - 2 years take part in equity If you wish to learn more and have a confidential conversation then please don't hesitate to contact Andrew Fam on 02 8188 2430 
 Reporting to the CFO, this is a hands on Finance Manager role will lead a small team to ensure the provision of accurate and timely financial reporting and compliance. Client Details My client operates in the Public Sector and offers a collaborative work environment, centrally located in Melbourne's CBD. Description This role is multi-faceted and will include the below responsibilities: Ensure compliance and best practice for finance and accounting processes Manage a small team and ensure delivery of exceptional financial results Mentor and develop staff members Ensure timely and accurate financial reporting requirements FBT and GST requirements Annual financial statement preparation Monitor and implement accounting standards as required Co-ordinate the audit process and implement agreed actions as required Support the enhancement and utilisation of finance systems Drive continuous improvement and innovation across the team Profile To be successful in this role you will: Ideally be CA/CPA qualified and a strong understanding of accounting practices and standards Have had a similar Senior Accountant or Finance Manager role Experience in the Public Sector/Local Government would be highly advantageous Be an exceptional communicator and highly emotionally intelligent A proven driver of innovation and process improvement Job Offer Permanent Finance Manager role, with staff management Central CBD location Good work life balance Opportunity to apply innovative processes and increase deficiencies in the team To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Moira Nolan on +61 3 9607 5668. 
 Join an innovative accounting firm with 40+ employees. Friendly culture, great bonus scheme, free parking &amp; top tier clients. Well regarded accounting firm based in Coorparoo $15,000 - $2000 annual bonus scheme Convenient location and free parking About the Company: This well-regarded accounting firm is based in Coorparoo, which is conveniently located to public transport, various cafes and restaurants. The company currently consists of 4 Directors and 40 employees. Throughout the years, everyone has been recognised for their contribution to the success of the business. Having been around for multiple years, the practice has developed a reputable name for themselves in the Brisbane market and exclusively retains a large client base. Providing a variety of services to top tier client across a range of industries. You will you will join a positive company that has a friendly and collaborative work environment. The Partners have developed a culture where sharing knowledge among team members and supporting one another to professionally develop is key. Due to increased workload, they are now seeking an eager Manager to join one of their teams. About the Role: You will work directly with one of the Partners and assist managing a proactive team of 3 senior accountants and 5 intermediate accountants. You will review work and manage a range of highly reputable clients from various industries, including construction, medical, property and more. Duties: Prepare financial statements and complete tax returns for large clients with complex entity structures Review work Liaising with various stake holders Attend client meetings Tax planning Advisory work Mentor and train junior accountants Skills &amp; Experience: Minimum 7 years business service/tax experience in an accounting firm Prior experience managing a team CA or CPA qualifications Prior experience with client contact Strong written and verbal communication skills Benefits: $15,000 - $2000 annual bonus scheme Free parking Weekly internal training &amp; annual external training Annual networking events and conferences Convenient location close to local shopping centres and restaurants Study support - full reimbursement upon successful completion and study leave Opportunity to become Partner Monthly morning teas, quarterly team lunches and annual work parties Modern offices with an open floor plan Paperless office How to Apply: Please directly Apply or further information, contact: Ines Rajak B.Bus (Fin) P: 3231 1217 E:ines@empiregroup.careers Ref No. IR1247 
 A rare opportunity to join an exceptional boutique accounting firm at senior accountant level. Client Details A genuine advisory firm servicing high net worth SME's. Description We're seeking a senior accountant with a minimum of 3 year's experience in public practice. In this role, you will work closely with the partners, management and across a variety of industries. Managing and overseeing the preparation of financial statements for a range of complex trusts and partnerships. Identifying, raising and resolving client accounting and business issues with managers and partners. Managing and developing junior staff Assist with the management and implementation of a variety of taxation processes and procedures. Profile Will embrace the firm's continuous learning mantra and will be driven to progress their career. Working with the managers and partners you will be able to work autonomously but fit into a wider team environment.You will have excellent and verbal communication skills and be able to produce clear and concise reports. Resilience is key to this position, and to be successful you will be able to deal with the stress and pressures of the job whilst maintaining strong relationships with other team members and adapting to changing situations. You will also have tertiary qualifications within Accounting or Finance as well as be CA/CPA qualified. Job Offer Supportive and flexible working environment Free parking Opportunity to progress your career Competitive salary If you feel this role might not be best suited to your skillset however would like to have a confidential discussion on your career please get in touch with one of our experienced consultants by phone 0424¦show number . 
   High level of client contact Variety of work, involving SMSF accounting Small, friendly firm with excellent client base   The Company   This CBD based practice, employs only 9 full time staff, promoting a close team and strong career development. Recognising the need to provide above and beyond service, the firm provides all aspects to the client; from bookkeeping to business services, and Self-Managed Super Fund's. The firm places great emphasis on staff development at every level. The firm has a large client base, including those of a 2nd Tier firm, and will involve great exposure to various entity types.   The Role/Individual   Our client is looking for a bookkeeper who can solely manage the bookkeeping aspect of the firm, while maintaining rapport with the strong client base from a variety of industries. You would have previously worked as a bookkeeper in an accounting firm, at a senior level. You will be required to travel to clients' premises to set up accounting systems, as well as handle ongoing queries and issues. Your work will also include some SMSF accounting work, including processing and preparing reports.     Duties:   Installation and set up of new software (primarily Xero), at clients' premises High level of client contact- Resolution of software issues, and general processing queries: EXTREMELY STRONG TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE OF XERO REQUIRED End to end bookkeeping Bank Reconciliations Preparation of BAS &amp; IAS's Payroll Preparation of reports to provide to accountants, for End of Year Tax Returns &amp; Financial Statements Assisting accountants and the partner with SMSF Accounting work, as required   Skills &amp; Experience   The following requirements are necessary in order to be considered: Previous experience working as a bookkeeper in an accounting firm Extremely strong knowledge in Xero ESSENTIAL Previous experience preparing SMSF Tax Returns and using BGL 360 advantageous Exceptional presentation and communication skills   Benefits   Modern offices No staff management or training- manage the bookkeeping workload Not just a bookkeeping role- exposure to SMSF accounting Work from home options a possibility Mentoring and support regularly provided CBD location- close to public transport, cafÃ©'s, and restaurants   To Apply *** Email bethany@mwrecruitment.com.au, outlining how you meet the requirements (listed under skills &amp; Experience).  For further information call Bethany Jones BCom (Acc) on 07 3009 6404 or 0421 995 065 
 The Company Multinational Tech business with a number of quality and recognisable brands. This is a business with a great culture and unique working environment that places a huge emphasis on creating a place to work that is second to none. They have stunning offices with brilliant onsite facilities and you will report in to a well-qualified and knowledgeable Commercial Manager that thrives on training and development.   The Role Your role as the Senior Commercial Analyst will sit in the commercial team looking after a division. The role involves commercially assessing: Reporting and business performance analysis Assist with the annual budget cycle Month end review Detailed variance analysis and commentary of Opex forecast Working collaboratively with internal stakeholder to identify cost saving opportunities Adhoc analysis and financial investigation as required Your role will involve a lot of stakeholder management and building relationships across all of the commercial business units. This vibrant company wants somebody who will thrive in a dynamic environment and is able to add value to their finance team.    Your Background To be considered for this Senior Commercial Analyst role you must possess the majority of the following attributes: A personality that will match an upbeat and fun company culture Take pride in producing quality work together with outstanding attention to detail Have excellent written and verbal communication skills Prior experience in Cost Management (i.e. OPEX) Experience working in large corporate organisation is highly desirable This is an opportunity to work with a leading organisation and forge a successful career within a market leader.   If you are keen to find out more about this position, please contact Chris Ballinger at Richard Lloyd on 02 8324 2014, quoting reference 4181 or click on 'apply now' below. Please submit your CV in Word format and note that due to the high volume of responses we receive only suitable candidates will be contacted. 
 Finance Administrator role based in Brisbane City - Starting in June 2018! Your new company This International business that operate across the globe are seeking an exceptional Finance Administrator to join their team on a full time permanent position, commencing in June 2018. This role will be based in their Brisbane CBD offices which officers excellent public transport connections and a car park is available with this position. Your new role Working within a small close knit team, you will be responsible for a range of duties across both accounting and administration functions. Core responsibilities will include;matching invoices to purchase orders, data entry of invoices, bank reconciliations, support both accounts payable and accounts receivable, journals and providing various administrative support including ordering office based consumables, property maintenance, mail collection and kitchen duties. What you'll need to succeed You will have an accounts processing background and have worked on ERP systems previously. You will be flexible, proactive and enjoy working in small close team environments where you hare happy to work outside your position description. Excellent communication skills and strong relationship building skills are an essential requirement for this role. What you'll get in return You will have the opportunity to work with this global business on a permanent basis while earning an attractive salary plus various other perks! What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your resume. The Consultant is Chris Viner on 07 3243 3011. Please apply online. 
 You will lead a small team in a high volume, complex environment with the aim of improving financial analysis, systems and reporting. Dealing with over 100,000 lines of data at any one time and a budget of over $250mil This will suit someone from a similarly complex and high volume environment that has lead systems transformation and continually driven process improvements. If you like getting your teeth stuck in to complex financial challenges with the need to improve the underlying systems and processes then you will love this interim opportunity. What you will be responsible for: Transformation of monthly, quarterly and year end reporting Able to provide useful and &quot;non-generic&quot; commentary on the financial data Various stakeholder relationship management Analysing high volumes of data and improving the underlying systems and processes (over 30,000 purchase orders and a budget of over $250mil) Implementing process and systems improvements If all of the above sounds like you, apply now and call Cydney on 02 8315 9203 for further information. When we speak, please be ready to discuss the complex environment in which you've gained your experience from. 
 About the business We are a small team but a busy panel shop with 2 locations one in Moonee Ponds and one in Collingwood.  About the role Administration/ All Rounder answer customer phone calls  customer service invoicing  data entry  maintaining office entering customer information filing receipting payments from customers  Accounting  MYOB accounts processing accounts payable/receivable  bank reconciliations preparing BAS/TAX preparation debt collection    Benefits and perks Partime  Days are flexible  Attractive hourly rate Skills and experience Experience in the panel industry  MYOB  Accounting  Admin Customer service 
 SMSF Senior Accountant role available with excellent client portfolio. Commercial, progressive &amp; dynamic firm. Your new company This boutique firm located in Melbourne's east is offers its employees a fast paced and enthusiastic environment to thrive in. This firm is renowned for its use of up to the minute technology, with a firm focus on Xero. Your excellent technical knowledge will give you access to an excellent portfolio of clients. Your new role Your new role will require you to have a high level understanding of superannuation and tax advice to provide to your customers. Your new role will also provide you with the opportunity of plenty of face to face contact with high profile clients. What you'll need to succeed The role will include duties such as, however not limit to: Manage and increase customer portfolio Liaising with clients face to face Effectively complete company and client assignments Strong technical abilities Good analytical skills and solutions focused Experience with BGL simple fund would be desirable CA/CPA and RG146 qualified. You will also have at least 3-5 years' experience in the SMSF sector. What you'll get in return In return you will receive a competitive remuneration package, an opportunity to work with a diverse range of high profile clients, and the opportunity to take the next step in your career. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Tom Miles on 96049517 now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 With revenue in the order of $1.5bn, our client is one of Australia's largest providers of education, enrolling over 500,000 students across all programs and employing 2,500 full-time teaching and support staff.  The business is undergoing a broad program of change that will transform it into a model of innovation, delivering excellence in educational outcomes and sustained financial performance.  Working from the Albury, NSW, office, reporting to the GM Finance and leading a small team, you will develop and implement a strategic governance framework to support financial processes and practices within the organisation.  You will lead your team to build, implement and oversee audit and control processes to ensure compliance with the framework, and you will monitor and lead projects for the continuous improvement of controls and processes to enhance auditing and recording.  You will develop and provide to senior management key compliance reports for the purpose of decision making and you will lead your team to deliver an effective and efficient strategic governance framework.  Yours will be a key role in the building of a finance function that is a model of excellence in service delivery and that sets the standard for large, complex, multi-site and multi-disciplinary organisations.  You are a technically strong accountant, degree qualified and holding membership of a recognised professional accounting body (CA/CPA).  You are a self-starter, set yourself and your team high standards (and achieve them) and can balance a hands-on approach with the need to coach and mentor your team to deliver results.   A competitive remuneration package will be negotiated.  To express interest, please forward your resume to syd@amropcarmichaelfisher.com quoting Ref MMC787866. 
 The Practice is a highly respected mid-tier firm located in North Sydney. They offer a wide range of professional services extending beyond traditional accounting and taxation. These include specific taxation advice, auditing, financial planning, asset protection, wealth creation, business structure, restructure advice and due diligence. They work with a diverse range of clients across a broad range of industries and professions. Your role as a Business Services Supervisor will involve a concrete understanding of Australian Taxation and overall Australian Accounting practices. You should be near or have completed your CA program as well as have minimum of 5 years experience, current experience in a mid-tier or boutique CA firm. A solid grasp of technical components and the ability to work on all facets of client provision is essential. This job position includes dealing with client's complex Ã­ssues, staff management, including the training and mentoring of junior staff so prior experience is necessary. Clients are dynamic in the sense they range from average SME businesses to large corporates turning over up to $1B from the construction sector.  You will receive a highly competitive salary and excellent performance is recognised and rewarded. This is a unique opportunity to work closely with partners and senior managers in an established firm. 
As one of the most reputable high technology companies in the world, Raytheon is a trusted partner in delivering missions solutions to our customers. A career at Raytheon will provide you with competitive remuneration, flexible working conditions, world class employee benefits, and a commitment to equal employment opportunities. Fast paced dynamic work environment Leading Defence subcontractor Position will be based in Adelaide, SA Career opportunity for an experienced Financial Analyst to provide financial management and oversight to assigned programs, encompassing establishment, monitoring and reporting as well as working on pricing of minor change proposals, monthly reporting. Varied role with scope for career advancement and opportunity. Key Responsibilities Set up of new projects on Financial Systems Monitor program financial performance Timely and accurate sales and cash forecasting Management of foreign currency issues in projects Maintain reconciliation of Contract Values for all programs Calculate price variation for each contract Managing the development of Estimates at Completion (EAC's) and Program Management Reviews (PMR's). Skills, Experience and Qualifications Tertiary qualification in Business / Accounting Demonstrated understanding of financial accounting, government accounting, and analytical &amp; estimating techniques Experience in transforming complex data into concise and key information for leadership decision-making Ability to multi-task, work under pressure and meet deadlines as required Construction / Engineering / Defence Industry background in job costing/project control environment Must be able to obtain and maintain a Defence security clearance. At  Raytheon Australia we respect the value of military service. Many of our customers are the men and women who defend our nation and its interests while a number of our employees also serve in the Reserves or are military veterans themselves. Being a major supplier to the Australian Defence Force (ADF), we recognise the particular talents that only veterans can offer. Working with Raytheon provides former members of the ADF an opportunity to bring their military skills to the private sector for a successful transition into the civilian workforce. To support them in this, Raytheon Australia guarantees every veteran and their partner an interview for a role where their skills or experience align with selection criteria. Applications must be received via our careers website. To learn more about our support for those who have served visit www.raytheon.com.au. 
 We are looking for a part-time accounts officer/bookkeeper to manage our weekly invoicing processes. The role is approximately 10 hours per week (ideally on a Thursday and Friday). The successful applicant will have strong computer skills, excellent attention to detail and a conscientious approach to his/her work.  We are a boutique psychology practice offering counselling services to the general public, as well as marketing and administrative services to counselling professionals. We are an efficient and friendly business and we are looking for a dedicated and focused accounts person.  The position is based at Bondi Junction. Selection Criteria The successful applicant will possess the following skills, experience and qualities: 1. Excellent attention to detail with proven experience accurately maintaining records and following procedures. 2. A high degree of diligence and care in the way they work 3. Reliable and able to accept a high level of responsibility 4. Strong computer skills (experience with accounting software would be a bonus) Starting Date: ASAP Your Application DO NOT apply via SEEK. Instead, please send your application directly to jobs@counsellingsydney.com.au and write the words &quot;Application - Accounts Officer - April 2018&quot; in the subject line. Please include a cover letter addressing the four selection criteria listed above, and explaining why this job is of interest to you and how it would fit with your other commitments. Please also attach your CV. Applications close on Monday 30 April 2018.   
 With revenue in the order of $1.5bn, our client is one of Australia's largest providers of education, enrolling over 500,000 students across all programs and employing 2,500 full-time teaching and support staff.  The business is undergoing a broad program of change that will transform it into a model of innovation, delivering excellence in educational outcomes and sustained financial performance.  Working from the Albury, NSW, office, reporting to the GM Finance and leading a small team, you will develop and implement a strategic governance framework to support financial processes and practices within the organisation.  You will lead your team to build, implement and oversee audit and control processes to ensure compliance with the framework, and you will monitor and lead projects for the continuous improvement of controls and processes to enhance auditing and recording.  You will develop and provide to senior management key compliance reports for the purpose of decision making and you will lead your team to deliver an effective and efficient strategic governance framework.  Yours will be a key role in the building of a finance function that is a model of excellence in service delivery and that sets the standard for large, complex, multi-site and multi-disciplinary organisations.  You are a technically strong accountant, degree qualified and holding membership of a recognised professional accounting body (CA/CPA).  You are a self-starter, set yourself and your team high standards (and achieve them) and can balance a hands-on approach with the need to coach and mentor your team to deliver results.   A competitive remuneration package will be negotiated.  To express interest, please forward your resume to syd@amropcarmichaelfisher.com quoting Ref MMC787866. 
 An immediately available Senior Tax Accountant, with local experience and Chartered Trained Your new company This ASX listed corporation is going through a period of growth and restructure and require additional support of a Chartered Trained Tax Specialist immediately. Your new role Joining the Tax team, reporting to the Tax Manager and Senior Tax Manager you will be responsible for the preparation of both indirect and corporate tax compliance, being FBT, GST, Payroll, Land Tax and Stamp Duty as well as assisting the Tax Manager and with the preparation of the Corporate Tax Return. What you'll need to succeed The ideal candidate will be fully qualified or have good all round corporate tax experience. The ability to liaise and interact with departmental heads to explain the tax implication of their individual business units is essential. What you'll get in return This is a fantastic opportunity for a first time Big 4 mover or for an experienced Tax Accountant seeking a move into a large corporate tax department. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 2XM Finance have partnered with a tier 1 construction company based in the Melbourne CBD. They have grown 100% in the last 2 years and with their brand being associated with some of the biggest landmarks across Australia they show no signs of slowing down. Due to some recently acquired projects they are looking for an Accountant to join their team. You will be working very closely with the Project Managers ensuring all stages of the projects are correctly resourced and forecasted. You will be responsible for payroll of approximately 100 people monthly. This is a very transactional role, with majority of the duties being based around accounts receivable and accounts payable. You will need to have a solid background in a similar role with experience running a finance function. Construction and project based accounting experience is vital. In return, you will receive a salary of up to $80k + Super. They invest time and money into team culture therefore, events are scheduled regularly.  If you are interested in hearing more about this role please 'apply online' or email your resume to melise.hasip@2xmfinance.com.au. 
THE COMPANY: Work for one of Australia's most dynamic and innovative Finance companies based in Perth CBD. They are seeking an experienced TECH ONE Payroll Officer to join their team of professionals under the CFO and HR Managers guidance. THE ROLE: 9-12 month contract Processing weekly, fortnightly and monthly payroll using TECH ONE Software Ensure accurate, efficient and timely payment for all business units Leave calculations including parental, maternity, long service and annual etc. Month end and year end reporting Calculating superannuation and payroll tax Processing workers compensation and superannuation payments Assisting with payroll queries and enquiries as required End of financial year payroll reports, payment summaries and other necessary certificates THE CANDIDATE: TechOne experience desirable Prior experience in a similar role processing end to end payroll is essential Exceptional organisation skills with a strong attention to detail Motivated and have a great sense of initiative The ability to be flexible and have great multitasking skills APPLY NOW FOR CONSIDERATION! 
 Medicom Australia is a growing global provider of high quality infection control and patient care products. We have presence on five continents through sales, logistics and manufacturing sites. Our product line spans from dental, veterinary, industrial to medical single-use supplies, as well as a comprehensive line of oral health care products. We are looking for an experienced and attention to details accountant assistant to join a growing global company at our Mascot office. Reporting to the Finance Manager, your responsibilities will include, but will not be limited to: -Account Payable -Account Receivable -Assist with month-end financial reporting-Budget preparation using SAP -Cash flow management -BAS returns -Assist in different Ad hoc tasks as required in the office Job Requirements &amp; Skills: - Strong attention to detail, organisation and time management skills - Excellent communication skills along with an ability to work well under pressure, in a deadline driven environment - Degree qualified in accounting dicipline - Intermediate excel skills - ERP systems experience, preferably SAP - Have at least 1 year relevant working experience  Please forward your resume to sally.lam@¦show email Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. 
 A leading BRW listed Top 10 advisory firm specialising in servicing the needs of private clients, privately owned businesses and multinational groups. They develop long-term relationships with their clients based on ongoing communication and contact, so as to further enhance their role as the &quot;trusted adviser&quot;. As a Senior Tax Accountant looking to grow your career with a leading mid-tier firm, you will be responsible for:  Assisting with the preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting standards; Working closely with Partners and Senior Managers to deliver efficient and outstanding work; Checking financial statements and management accounts and identifying accounting issues; Applying basic and advanced tax compliance procedures; Assist with tax planning for clients; Preparing income tax returns for individuals, companies and trusts; Develop strong and longstanding client relationships with existing clients You will be rewarded with an excellent remuneration package including training, career development opportunities and a range of other employee benefits.    You will possess: CA/CPA accreditation  5+ years relevant accounting experience within an Australian Accounting Practice Strong communication skills Good attention to detail The ability to work autonomously and as part of a team Strength in managing workflow of junior level accountants Committed to continuing professional development If you are interested in this fantastic opportunity to accelerate your career, don't hesitate to contact Simon Cauchois today on 1300 619 510 or 0414 243 111 to discuss in confidence or apply directly. 
 About the Company This mid-sized Engineering firm is located in the inner Western suburbs. They have projects throughout the State of varying sizes and so this is a busy, high volume role. About the Role This position works in a team of Invoicing Officers and has responsibility for the following: Management of the invoicing inbox Ensuring that work orders are signed off and attached to the relevant invoice Identifying any discrepencies and reconciling these with suppliers Preparing and sending out invoices About You In order to succeed in this role, you are requried to have the following experience: Prior experience in a similar role within the engineering or construction industry The ability to work well autonomously or as part of a team Experience in processing high volume invoices whilst maintaining accuracy Dealing with suppliers and stakeholders via email and telephone How to Apply In order to apply for this opportunity please click 'Apply Now' to submit your resume online. 
Melbourne Polytechnic is a leading Australian education provider that delivers vocational training and degrees through innovative, practical programs designed to meet the challenges of the modern workplace. With industry-standard facilities at campuses and training centres across Melbourne, Melbourne Polytechnic fosters learning and engagement within its community so students and staff can develop and achieve their goals. Melbourne Polytechnic has the following vacancy for a suitably qualified person interested in joining a dynamic training organisation. Ongoing position available Friendly working environment Full-time (38 hours per week) About the Role: We are very excited to announce that Melbourne Polytechnic is seeking to appoint an experienced, innovative and qualified individual to fill the position of Payroll Manager. Your primary objectives will be to: Manage the payroll function of Melbourne Polytechnic through the provision of a high level of current technical understanding relating to payroll and related legislation and policies. Ensure that a high level of customer service is practised and maintained. Key Responsibilities: Payroll Leadership Chris 21' Workcover Payroll Tax Salary Packaging Year End Processing General Ledger Reconciliation Superannuation Reporting and Communication Leave Management About You: The successful applicant will possess the following: Key Selection Criteria: Tertiary qualifications and extensive and successful experience in managing a computerised payroll system. At least 4 years demonstrated experience working with Chris21 in a payroll-related role. Demonstrated ability to manage and lead staff in a high pressure, constantly changing environment. Demonstrated commitment to maintenance of privacy and confidentiality Salary The salary will be $120,000 per annum including superannuation. Tenure Ongoing, Full- Time 38 hours per week Australian Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders are encouraged to apply for positions with Melbourne Polytechnic. 
The Firm This 5 Partner Mid Tier accounting firm are currently experiencing a strong growth phase and as a result are looking to add talented, driven and ambitious accountants to their team. With a focus on SME clients and HNWI, this firm have an established clients base including very high profile celebrity clients.  Clients come from a range industries including property and agriculture with turnovers up to $200million. Based in modern offices, you will work in a team environment with direct support from the Partners. The Role You will be responsible for managing a portfolio of clients and will be the given the opportunity to progress at your own pace. Your responsibilities will include but not be limited to: Review the preparation of financial statements, taxation returns, company trusts, individual and self managed super funds Assist the Partners with ad hoc advisory projects  Assist with developing client relationships Manage and train junior staff The Person In order to be successful in this role, it is essential you have: 5 + years' experience in a local chartered firm CA Qualified (or nearly qualified) Excellent communication skills Strong work ethic and pro-active mentality Ability to work autonomously Ambitious to become a partner In return, you will be offered a collaborative working environment with a strong emphasis on work-life balance and the opportunity to become a partner in the firm. This position is offering a $80-100k salary + Super depending on experience.  If you would like to have a confidential discussion about this opportunity, please call Samantha Fisher on 0282565020. 
 The Organisation Our client is a reputable listed firm in the city who are feeling the positive movements within Perth's economy. With a large finance team, they offer excellent culture with the ability to develop your skills amongst a respected senior tier, who you will have access to. The Role Reporting to the financial controller and working alongside a large finance team your duties include the following: Preparation of Year-end statements  Cashflow forecasting Balance sheet reconciliations Profit and loss statements and analysis Consolidating reports from the various business units Liaising with the auditors The Requirements You will be CA/CPA Qualified or equivalent Listed experience is essential Experience with a large ERP system will be preferred Australian working rights and the ability to start immediately or within 1 week. How to apply: If you are interested in the position please follow the SEEK process. Please note, due to the number of applications only successful applicants will be contacted. 
 The Company My client is a growing organisation in the property and construction space. They are going through exciting change as more projects are in the pipeline for this year. They have a driven and ambitious team and are now looking for a like-minded junior financial accountant to join their team on the city fringe. The Role As an assistant accountant, you will reporting into the Finance Manager and your responsibilities will include: Financial reporting Reconciliations of the general ledger and balance sheets Preparing tax returns for a number of entities within the group Assist with statutory accounts Any ad-hoc duties as required Your Experience: Working towards your CA or CPA Have experience in a business services environment with strong taxation skills 2-3 years experience A driven individual Strong Excel skills Culture &amp; Benefits: Friendly and sociable team Great open plan and modern offices Growing organisation Close to public transport Click APPLY or alternatively please call Kim Ruddock at TwoScots Recruitment on 03 8¦show number for a confidential discussion about this opportunity. 
 About the Company This large Australia and New Zealand based facilities management company specialises in a number of sectors throughout both countries. Due to continued growth they are currently seeking an experienced Accounts Payable / Receivable Officer to join their large finance team. This company prides themselves on employee health and wellbeing and promotion from within. About the Role This is a fast paced, busy role. You will be working with newly implemented software in a newly refurbished office, ensuring that your working envirnonment is conducive to productivity. The responsbilities of this role are as follows: Preparation of invoices Ensuring invoices are approved by the relevant Manager before the deadline Matching invoices to purchase order numbers Generating the aged debtors report Following up with debtors for payment About You In order to succeed in this role, you will have the following experience: Prior experience within the facilities management industry Extensive Accounts Payable / Receivable experience Experienced in the use of Xero Advanced Excel experience Strong communication skills A good eye for detail How to Apply In order to be considered for this role please click 'Apply Now' to apply online. 
 Our Client: Based in the western suburbs, this leading organisation in their industry, is looking for an experienced Budget Analyst to work with key stakeholders across the business in delivering an accurate and timely budget for the 2018/2019 Fiscal year. The Role: Reporting to the Finance Manager, responsibilities include, but not limited to: Coordination and collation of departmental budget templates; Assist departmental managers with actuals analysis and spend run rates; Revenue analysis and other financial/operational analysis; Maintain Budget model and update for new information and iterations; Input approved budget into ERP. The Candidate: The successful candidate will possess the following qualifications and experience CA/CPA Qualified or equivalent Experience leading the organisational budgeting process from ˜cradle to grave' Strong financial modelling and analysis experience Professional services industry experience, working with billable hours and WIP would be advantageous; Advanced Business Partnering experience is critical. Apply Now If you feel you have the right match of skills for this position, submit your application and as we work through the process we can reach out to you to discuss the position in more detail. SK926641A 
 About the Company This National Asset Management and Infrastructure business has been growing steadily since their creation 20 years ago. With offices throughout Australia, they have a large employee base and a diversified service offering. About the Role Due to continued growth, they are seeking an experienced Accounts Receivables Officer to join their large finance team. This positon ensures that cash flow within the business is maintained and that ageing debtors are kept to a minimum. Broadly speaking, your duties will include: Dealing with clients via telephone and email and responding to their queries Chasing up outstanding debts and arranging for payment Record client payments and client payment arrangements Provide aged debtor reports to management as required About You In order to succeed in this role, you will be required to have the following experience: Substantial experience within the asset management or commercial construction industry A background in contacting customers to arrange payment Database management and data integrity Strong level of attention to detail Be efficient and accurate in entering information Be organised and work well under pressure Benefits This positon will offer you the opportunity to work within a large, stable, growing organisation. With a focus on employee wellbeing, you will work hard whilst being rewarded. How to Apply Please click 'Apply Now' to submit your resume online for consideration. 
 My client is a well known global organisation that has been an institution in the Australian and Global market. Based in Sydney this is a rare and exciting opportunity for a strong Senior Tax Consultant with strong hands on tax experience coming from either Big 4 or Life Inurance Organisations. This position will involve a broad range of responsibilities that include but are not limited to, assisting with the preparation of monthly tax accounting &amp; forecasting, tax compliance and advisory services. You will also be assisting the head of tax with queries and following up on information requests. There will also be the great opportunity to partner with different areas of the business, drive process improvements within systems and preparations of tasks and liaising with General Managers and indirect reports. The Successful incumbent will also have the opportunity to gain exposure in financial accounting as well. This role will suit a qualified CA qualified candidate with big 4 experience. The successful candidate will be ambitious and driven, with exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal, enabling them to be able to build rapport easily with key stakeholders who are both internal and external to the organisation. You will have strong excel skills and be able to filter through through significant data sets. For a confidential chat, please call Andrew Douglas on 02 9249 5009. 
 Business Services Intermediate job, CA Firm, up to $70K package, Sydney CBD location Your new company This reputable 1 partner CA Accounting Firm is seeking to take on board an experienced and ambitious Intermediate Accountant within the Business Services Team. Your new role You will be working in a friendly family environment, reporting directly to the Manager. Your daily duties may include, tax advisory and returns, working on SMSFs, trusts and working closely with a variety of clients. This firm has genuine prospects for advancement and development, placing high value on progression. What you'll need to succeed The successful candidate will have completed or be studying towards their CA qualification and have experience in a Chartered Firm. However candidates that are looking to commence their CA will also be considered. You will be responsible for many key client contacts so you will have excellent communication skills and the ability to build and maintain strong client relationships. What you'll get in return In your new role you will be supported through solid training and development, brand new work spaces, and several CA and other work related events. You will be surrounded by a friendly and collaborative team, creating a warm and pleasant culture. What you need to do now If you are interested in this role, please click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to us, or call Tara O'Regan n (02) 8068 6157. Alternatively, email tara.oregan@hays.com.au. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Innovative, forward thinking Accounting firm is expanding rapidly due to its fast growing reputation for high-quality work. Their focus is on value adding advisory work to truly partner with their clients on their business journey. This firm has clients locally as well as interstate. This is not a pure compliance role, it is about being a trusted advisor.  Help develop and implement client strategies, this is an exciting opportunity to have high-level conversations with clients. Become part of a high performing team. The quality will allow for alternative perspectives and ideas and it will give you a chance to learn, grow and succeed in your career. The Successful candidate will have:- A minimum 3 years experience in a professional practice within Australia Experience with preparation of financial statements and tax returns Studying or finished CA or CPA qualifications Confident communication skills and ability to write complex taxation letters of advice Please contact Simon on 0414 243 111 for more information on this exciting opportunity or click on the link to apply. 
 Join a small team in the heart of the CBD. This organisation provides professional advice and advisory services and supports organisations in promoting strong and ethical service delivery to their customers. Reporting to the Head of Finance, this is a senior role within a small team structure which will give the post-holder a high level of responsibility and autonomy. We are looking for an experienced and passionate Management Accountant with a strong background in annual budgeting and monthly reporting. You will work closely with corporate cost centre managers during the annual budgeting process to ensure the budgeting timetable is met and guiding them through budget templates. You will then work closely with them through the financial year, providing analysis and insights into how their business area is performing against annual objectives. Successful applicants will be able to demonstrate well-rounded management accounting skills including detailed variance analysis and the provision of insightful commentary. With confident and assured communication skills, you will be able to share financial insights with non-financial stakeholders and be able to share such detail through the effective provsion of different reports and formats. You will hold a recognised accounting qualification (CA/CPA/CIMA/ACCA) 
Due to continued growth and increasing market share, the opportunity has arisen for a Financial Accountant to join a leading insurance organisation. With impressive views overlooking Sydney's CBD and outstanding reputation, this organisation boast generous benefits and the opportunity to thrive in a dynamic and vibrant environment.  The ideal candidate will possess strong technical accounting skills and will have a number of years working in the general insurance space.  What's On Offer: 12 Month Fixed Term Contract Career Progression Up to $110,000 + Superannuation The Role: Month, quarter end and annual financial statutory reporting  External regulatory reporting (APRA, ASIC etc.) Prepare and review of balance sheet and GL reconciliations Work with various business units to coordinate appropriate information  Provide support to the business on compliance and statutory requirements Engage and work effectively with external auditors as required Extensive learning and development opportunities  Exposure to process improvements and system implementations  Your Background: CA/CPA qualified or working towards +5 years experience in a financial accounting role Experience working within general insurance  Excellent communication skills If you have think you have the right skills for the role please click &quot;Apply&quot; or call Ashleigh Walker on (02) 8256 5020. 
The Company Well respected ASX listed organisation working within the Services Industry is currently experiencing a restructuring phase. As a result, an experienced Assistant Accountant is needed to join the Finance Team on an initial temporary basis with the potential to go into a full time position. The Role Reporting to the Finance Manager the role of the Assistant Accountant will consist but not limited to the following duties; Assisting the Finance Manager with the monthly budgets and forecasting Daily reporting and payment allocation Preparing the monthly financial statements Monthly reconciliation of bank accountants and monitoring funds daily Processing purchase invoices and payments in an accurate and timely fashion Processing accruals and prepayments Good problem solver and can work well toward deadlines Ad hoc duties as required  Skills and experience Required    At least 2+ years experience in a similar position Degree qualified Large ERP experience Greentree system is highly desired Ideally working towards CA/CPA Excellent communication skills Intermediate to advnanced MS Excel skills 
 Our Client A successful wholesaler/distributor in the sporting industry requires a &quot;hands on&quot; accounts officer to join their dynamic and fun business. Responsibilities Reporting to the Company Accountant you will be responsible for the following: End to end accounts payable processing Creditor statement reconciliations Liaising with creditor and resolving queries Banking and receipt allocation Stock/inventory reconciliations Assisting the Accountant with end of month duties The Successful Candidate An experienced accounts officer, you pride yourself on your high attention to detail and fast and accurate data entry skills. A clear and articulate communicator you enjoy interacting with internal and external stakeholders  You have strong working knowledge of accounting software and Excel. This is a terrific role with a business that offers modern offices, a great team working environment and a fun and sought after product. Please send your resume to that attention of Maree Lacy Please note: Only shortlisted applicants will be contacted. We appreciate your understanding. 
 Working at Pitcher Partners gives you greater control of your career. Our mission to be the leading accounting firm servicing the middle market has not changed despite our outstanding growth and success. We know our people are what makes us successful, and this is why we provide a flexible and supportive environment that enables our staff to perform at their very best. Here we'll encourage you to carve out a career path that works for you.  Your new role The Tax Consulting team provides advice to all other teams within the firm, leading to exposure to a broad range of income tax issues.  As well as working on whole of firm clients, you will be given responsibility for your own clients, as well as reviewing the work of junior staff. This is a varied role, responsibilities will include; Preparing tax consulting advice on a range of issues Preparing private ruling applications &amp; objections correspondence Assisting with ATO investigations and reviews Drafting tax bulletins and articles Working closely with a range of partners and managers across the business Supporting the Tax Consulting team by undertaking technical research Preparing and/or reviewing income tax returns across a range of industries Attending technical and soft-skills training  What you bring You possess a Commerce and/or Law qualification and have experience in the application of various taxation matters. You have strong legislative interpretation skills, a passion for tech excellence, attention to detail coupled with exceptional written and verbal communication skills. The Tax Consulting team works in a fast paced and fluid environment, therefore you are resilient and positively embrace change, whilst thriving under pressure.  What we bring At Pitcher Partners you will be exposed to a wide variety of business environments. Our clients come from a wide range of industries and include major corporations, large private businesses, family groups, government entities, professional services firms, small to medium sized enterprises and high net worth individuals. We actively encourage and support post graduate studies and recognise hard work through our time in lieu leave arrangements. In addition you will be mentored by senior experts within the group and participate in regular professional development training in order to further develop your knowledge and skills. Our environment offers flexibility to suit your individual needs and we encourage you to develop and maintain a balanced lifestyle as we recognise that healthy, happy and engaged staff work better and smarter. Applications will be reviewed prior to the closing date so don't delay in clicking on the ˜Apply' button. 
The Benefits - Varied role - not your typical Finance Manager position - Opportunity to lead and develop finance into a high performing team - Up and coming industry leader - Rare opportunity to combine solid technical reporting skills with business partnering The Business My client is an up and coming industry leader within the healthcare sector who are growing at an impressive rate. Due to a number of successful acquisitions, the business is BOOMING and require the skills of a dedicated Finance Manager to lead their finance team. The Role Reporting to the CFO, you will play a pivotal part in overhauling and streamlining the finance department. Apart from BAU duties, you'll have the opportunity to roll up your sleeves and work on JVs, system implementation projects, improve reporting processes &amp; increase efficiencies, mentor a talented team and provide a Finance point of contact for the rest of the business. This is a rather exciting opportunity to put your technical reporting skills to good use and improve the overall operations of Finance. This is truly an opportunity to make this role your own! Skills &amp; Experience CPA/CA qualifications Proven technical reporting skills &quot;Big 4' training advantageous Proven ability to prepare budgets/forecasts High degree of commercial acumen Exposure to the Healthcare industry advantageous Proven leadership skills Passion for improving processes and increasing efficiencies Excellent communication skills To apply, please click &quot;Apply for this job&quot; below or contact Marion Ludeking Talent at marion@appreciatingtalent.com.au About us: Appreciating Talent is a relatively new specialist recruitment firm, created and owned by a small group of Sydney's most successful and longest serving Accounting &amp; Finance recruitment professionals. Between us we have almost 50 years of in-depth market knowledge and networks across Sydney, covering the entire Commercial Accounting market from CFO's down to Accounts Payable officers, and everything in between. Knowledge is our trade, and we differ through our service.www.appreciatingtalent.com.au 
 About the Business: My client is an ASX top 50 resources business with a strong footprint both locally and internationally. Known for their excellent working culture, flexible work environment and professional development programs, they are an employer of choice in the Australan market. Based on-site, this role is located near Orange NSW. Suitable candidates must be open to relocation.  About the Role: My client is currently seeking a Senior Business Analyst with a focus on driving on-site business deliverables.  Specific responsibilities to include: Complete month-end reporting Perform monthly cost accounting Undertake capital management and performance reporting Prepare monthly cost and capital data  Prepare and review annual operating and capital budgets, in addition to forecast data Streamline data management process and systems Provide analysis to support commercial decision making  About You: CA/CPA qualified Experience within resources or heavy industry preferred Previous experience in a capital intensive background Experience with SAP, TM1 and capital accounting experience is highly regarded Strong communication skills and influencing skills  Ability to work in a fast-paced environment Able to work on-site based in Orange NSW Please follow the links to Apply for this role. For further information, please contact Tayler Bridger via the contact details listed below. 
 Our client is a leading division of a large listed organisation. They have a strong track record of year on year growth and are recognised as market leading in their sector; manufacturer of niche products used by the construction industry. They are looking for a confident Credit Controller to join their national credit team based in the South East. In this role, you will manage your own portfolio of customer accounts and be tasked with delivering a collections target set by the Credit Manager on a monthly basis. The targets will incorporate a cash value and also require you to maintain your ledger at a certain level of DSO. With a portfolio encompassing sole traders, small businesses and larger corporate clients, you will be happy to work in a busy environment where a high level of outbound calls are a normal part of your day. We are looking for someone who enjoys delivering financial objectives and relishes the challenge of bringing in cash. You will need an end to end credit background to be able to explain to customers why their account is at a certain level of balance and what is outstanding. Cash allocation is done by a different team. You will be tenacious and resilient and, ideally, come from a manufacturing, logistics or construction background where tough negotations are usual. 
 About the Company This global organisation has a distinguished history and an impressive track record for delivering services within its sector. Not only do they pride themselves on recruiting and training the best staff they also offer a diverse and dynamic environment in which career progression is facilitated. Due to an internal move an exciting opportunity has become available to join their successful team as a Commercial Financial Analyst About the Role This roles is a true business partnering roles and manages a team of 2. The role will be responsible for: Budgeting and Forecasting Financial analysis and performance monitoring Identify opportunities for revenue growth and cost reduction Identify and implement cost reduction strategies in the way of scalability Foster relationships with numerous stakeholders About you: The successful application will be CA/CPA qualified with at least 3-5 years' experience. This may be your first move from one of the Big4 Accounting firms. It is essential you have strong analytical and Excel skills and be comfortable developing financial models and systems to measure profitability and performance. Exceptional communication is a must as you will be dealing with operational managers and senior leaders of the business The benefits International exposure This organisation offers career development and promotion Great culture with rewards and benefits Strong mentors and training To apply, click the link and upload your current resume in word format. If you would like to have a confidential discussion, please contact Skye Veivers on 07 3023 1003, quoting ref no. JO-1804-88482. Want to know more about Davidson? Visit us at www.davidsonwp.com 
 Brisbane CBD law firm seeks a bookkeeper to join our National Finance Team for a maternity leave position of approximately 6 months. You will work under the guidance of the CFO and your duties will include: General account reconciliation, accounts receivable and payable Trust account reconciliation, accounts receivable and payable Data Entry Payroll for 50 staff Quarterly Superannuation payments Assisting with End of Month and Year reports General Accounting duties   Starting in early May, the successful applicant will replace an existing employee who is going on maternity leave for a 6 month period.   Your experience To be successful you must have some previous experience with bookkeeping/accounting. Applicants with Trust Account experience will have an advantage in being selected. Previous experience in a law firm, and experience using Practice Evolve Software, would also be advantageous, but is not essential.   Salary Salary is $1,300 per week, plus super. 
 This progressive multi partner firm is seeking an aspiring senior accountant to join their growing team. Your new company This reputable firm boasts both modern and spacious offices. Traveling to and from work is made easy, as your new firm is only a short walk to the nearest station. Your new firm believes in building and managing client relationship, offering a good balance of compliance and advisory. This firm has a firm belief in developing and progressing the careers of determined accountants. Your new role Responsibilities include: Managing and overseeing the preparation of financial statements for Companies, Trusts, and Partnerships. Managing and overseeing the preparation of tax returns and other statutory returns for Individuals, Companies, Trusts, and Partnerships Identifying, raising and resolving client accounting and business issues with managers and partners. Managing and developing junior staff Developing and maintaining relationships with clients and external third parties What you'll need to succeed Preferable 4+ years' public practice experience Lots of exposure to client facing Accounting degree and CPA or CA qualified A thorough understanding of taxation Able to prioritise their management of client work Business aptitude and awareness, plus direct client experience Able to mentor more junior team members Excellent written and verbal communication skills and the ability to liaise easily with both clients and the team. Good time management and organisational skills, and an attention to detail What you'll get in return In return, you will receive competitive remuneration. You will be exposed to a diverse range of clients, with the opportunity to challenge yourself in a predominantly client facing role. You will also have an outstanding opportunity to develop and progress your career. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Tom Miles on 9604 9517 now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Who we are We are NSW's bulk water supplier, river operator and your one-stop shop for licensing, water trades and water information.  We supply two thirds of water used in NSW from our 42 dams, rivers and pipelines to regional towns, irrigators, Sydney Water and local water utilities. We also own and operate the largest surface and groundwater monitoring network in the southern hemisphere and build, maintain and operate essential infrastructure. The role  In your new role as the Commercial Analyst you will play a key role in supporting the Business Analysis and Commercial Services team in driving business benefits for its customers through commercial analysis including revenue, spend and other commercial analysis. This role will see you working closely with the procurement category managers, finance team and business stakeholders. You will play a key role in bridging the gaps between procurement and the business, enabling an 'easy to do business with' focus. Some of the key activities of this role include:  Develop and maintain spend analysis and cost-forecast models and reporting for WaterNSW's spend categories Maintain procurement savings and procurement benefits realisation tracker in partnership with the procurement team and assist preparation of a monthly procurement report. Undertake market research and analysis including supplier segmentation and analysis and contribute to preparation of category plans, strategic sourcing projects and ongoing procurement activity. Support category managers maintain supplier performance reporting and KPI dashboards. As a key player you will help the Procurement Team achieve their objectives through developing effective relationships which in turn will enable you to understand their challenges, and collaboratively plan on how to achieve team and business objectives simultaneously.  You will also be able to analyse current business procedures and identify opportunities for improvement to support development of category plans, rationalisation, consolidation and savings to ensure business performance indicators are met driving effective decision making. Demonstrated capabilities to communicate and engage with a range of stakeholder groups are a must. What you will bring to the role  Strong Microsoft Excel skills. Strong management reporting skills including proven history in developing reports and dashboards out of finance systems and in Microsoft Excel. Knowledge and experience in spend analysis including exposure to analysing large data sets and producing meaningful conclusions and summaries for informed decision making. Demonstrated attention to detail, accuracy and integrity. Demonstrated experience working collaboratively and consultatively in a team and across business units, upholding organisational values and adding value to all stakeholders. We are looking for a strong Commercial Analyst with a high emotional intelligence whom is flexible, adaptable and influential.  In return    We will provide you an attractive remuneration package and all the tools you need to do your role. For further information on the role please see the position description [link removed].  Probity checks   The successful applicant will be required to undergo probity checks which will include a National police check and any offer made will be subject to clearance of this check. Applicants must be a permanent resident/ citizen to apply.  To apply please complete your personal details and submit your cover letter and resume below. Applications close 29th April @ 10pm                
 System Accountant position on a permanent basis, to provide assistance on accurate and timely transfer of data from the CRM into the financial system including delivery of technical systems support to the Finance team. Client Details Our client is a leading provider based in North of the River. They are well known for their excellent company culture, supporting their employees with growth opportunities and training. Description Reporting in to the Finance Manager the responsibilities of the role will include: Identifying opportunities, implement improvements, innovate and drive change. Review raw data for precision and accuracy before data is uploaded to the finance system Provide technical input to the Systems team when changes are introduced to the CRM that will impact the accuracy of the data uploaded to the Finance system Assist the finance team in user set-up, financial report writing, budget upload, staff training, and ad-hoc changes to the finance system. Provide support in resolving processing issues relating to the finance system, including reconciliation differences between systems to ensure data integrity between systems. Manage finance system upgrades and year-end roll overs. Make constant recommendations on system and process improvements and implement changes. Profile Successful candidate must have strong financial, business systems and analytical skills and an ability to engage with all stakeholders in the business. MUST have experience working with or implementing Technology One Broad experience with business and accounting systems in a large ERP environment. Including data handling and analysis experience. Background in accounting Job Offer Fantastic organisation with a great culture Sought after location Generous perks 
 Graduate Accountant “ Insolvency Junior Sheridans Chartered Accountants Boutique Firm The Firm We are a boutique insolvency practice, established over 22 years ago, based in the Perth CBD.  We specialise in insolvency and litigation support with exposure to both corporate and personal insolvency administrations.  The firm is focused on staff development and provides regular training and professional development. The Role As a junior, you will assist the managers and seniors in a variety of tasks including liaising with creditors and clients, maintaining estate accounting functions and assisting with trade-ons. Insolvency is unique; it combines elements of accounting and law to provide an exciting career opportunity.  Insolvency differs from traditional accounting roles; it is a diverse and dynamic industry focused on achieving results for stakeholders.   The Individual You do not need to have prior insolvency experience, but previous work experience in a professional office would be advantageous. The following skills are essential: Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Willingness to learn. Enthusiastic and confident attitude. The successful applicant will be encouraged to study towards being a Chartered Accountant. All applicants are to be permanent Australian residents. This is an outstanding opportunity to work within a busy and friendly team. Applications in writing to Sheridans, PO Box Z5209, PERTH WA 6831 or applications@sheridansac.com.au Please note that no application received via a recruitment agency will be considered. Tel: (08) 9221 9339 Fax: (08) 9221 9340 
 Hands on role for a commercially focused analyst with a strong skillset in contract review and asset management. Client Details This company is undoubtedly at the forefront of their industry with an ability to provide innovative solutions to their customers. Renowned for their strong brand, they require a hands-on Commercial Manager to manage their major contract and joint venture. Description As the Commercial Manager, you will be responsible for: Monthly financial reporting for the division across the services contracts. Ensure WIP reporting is correctly accounted for to each division and in a timely manner. Consolidation of monthly, half yearly and full year management reports. Financial Modelling to assess performance and strategy of contracts Liaising with external and internal customers to achieve service level agreements. Treasury and cash management. Review of business systems and processes. Profile This appointment requires someone who is CA/CPA qualified and has proven commercial experience in a relevant capacity. Those with asset management and or heavy services experience will be highly regarded as will those who have gained their accounting foundations in a chartered environment. Strong organisational and time management skills are mandatory, as is a flexible and practical approach with a ˜can do' attitude and strong customer focus. Your ability to communicate and work with people at all levels, and drive process improvements will also be critical to your success. If you have also worked across contracts within a PPP or Joint Venture across the services, engineering or construction sector that will also be preferable. Job Offer Attractive Salary Influential role Commercially focused Autonomy To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Melanie Wallace-Smith on +61 3 9607 5682 
 Attractive Salary Packaging options + 6 extra leave days Permanent Full Time Position Not For Profit / Values Based Organisation Catholic Healthcare is a leading not-for-profit provider of residential aged care, community services, retirement living and healthcare across NSW and QLD. As a progressive, values driven organisation we are passionate about the service we provide to our residents, clients and their families. An exciting opportunity currently exists for a results-driven &amp; progressive leader who is able to support and motivate the Community Revenue and Billing team. As the Community Revenue &amp; Billing Supervisor you will drive projects and ensure the effective management of financial administration processes. To be successful for the role, you will have: Previous experience in a similar position within Residential Aged Care / Community Services Exceptional people management skills and proven leadership experience Ability to build relationships with a range of stakeholders Knowledge of industry regulations including Home and Community Care Act Experience with management tools such as; PDD's, Reporting, Control Matrix, Department Policy Proven success within process improvement, including process analysis, root cause analysis, process design and implementation Experience with Axapta (ERP) and Procura software or similar Why you'll love working with us: Opportunity to work within a rapidly growing organisation Salary packaging opportunities to increase your take home pay Supportive and inclusive team environment Six additional leave days per year Close to public transport How to apply For further information about this opportunity including a position description, please visit our careers page at www.catholichealthcare.com.au or to submit your application, click on 'Apply Now'.   
 Looking for an Immediately Available Finance Manager with a big 4 background, and international exposure. Your new company A Multi-National Pharmaceutical Giant, with revenue in excess of $2bn last year and 3000+ employees, which delivers therapies for patients with rare diseases. Your new role As the Finance manager you will be working closely with one of the Big 4 Chartered Accountancy Firms as a business partner. You will oversee: Month end close Monthly accruals Revenue Items Payroll Review balance sheets PNL Bank Reconciliations Statutory reporting What you'll need to succeed In order to be a successful applicant you will be CA qualified with PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE WITHIN THE BIG 4, have had commercial international exposure and have a demonstrated strong Financial Accounting background and a solid understanding of controls and processes. You will have had previous experience overseeing the full finance function and have used SAP. What you'll get in return A fantastic opportunity to work for a multi-national company on a very competitive hourly rate. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 A global mining company are seeking a Business Analyst to join their Finance team located on site in Mount Isa. You will act as a key contributor to the Finance Transformation program, targeting Management Reporting outcomes, with the focus on reporting and analysis to support decision making and drive business performance. You will be responsible for analysing business performance as well as identifying and assisting with areas for improvement, budgeting and forecasting processes, end of month reporting, liaising with stakeholders to deliver business cases in line with business objectives and continuing to add value to the finance team through cost analysis.  To be considered for this role, you will be CA or CPA qualified and have a sound working and technical knowledge of financial systems, particularly TM1, Cognos BI and Excel. With a meticulous eye for detail, you will be self-motivated with an ambitious and proactive attitude towards your work. You will thrive in a team based environment and although not necessary, experience in mining or constriction will be highly regarded. If you are interested in this role and have the suitable skillset please contact Savannah Cant on 07 3854 3806 or click &quot;apply&quot; to submit your CV. 
 Bookkeeper Jobs Melbourne CBD Your new company Our client is a well know firm who specialize in IT and Property Management. Due to grow of the business, they are in need of a full time Bookkeeper to come in on a permanent basis. This is a fantastic opportunity with an open planned office, relaxing culture and friendly environment. Your new role You will be reporting into the operations manager, and will be responsible but not limited to: End to end Accounts Payable End to end Accounts Receivable Bank recs Invoicing Liaising with senior management for month end, quarterly and year reporting Payroll for over 60 employees using XERO Day to day administrative duties What you'll need to succeed You will have a minimum of 4 years experience in a similar role working within the IT or Property industry. You will be a strong communicator, and someone who takes pride in there work. You will be immediately available and have at least two years experience using the accounting system XERO. Please be advised candidates who have no experience using XERO will not be considered for this role. What you'll get in return You will receive the exciting opportunity to be part of an amazing team of talented individuals, with fantastic modern office environment, excellent location for transport options. As well as this you will get a competitive salary. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or contact Michael McGhee on michael.mcghee@hays.com.au 
 This role will involve high-end compliance work and will also offer access to strategic advisory services, working with a range of diverse clients. Client Details This centrally located firm covers a range of services from statutory financial reporting, tax returns, wealth creation and audit management services. The Partners have a fantastic track record providing quality service to privately owned businesses, recently seeing rapid growth by winning a number of new clients within the building, construction and logistics industry. The partners treat the staff exceptionally well, with the firm harboring a very positive, and supportive team culture. Description Preparation of tax returns for individuals, partnerships, trusts and companies Liaising with the ATO and other regulatory bodies Assisting in developing client relationships Regularly liaising with clients in a face to face role Assisting with report writing and advisory projects Tax Planning Management report and financial statement preparation Trust accounting Profile Be CPA/ CA qualified Have 3+ years accounting experience in a chartered firm. Have strong technical skills Be able to work autonomously Experienced in the use of Xero Job Offer Attractive Remuneration Central work location Plush, modern offices A positive, close knit team who are highly supportive and friendly Exposure to a great portfolio of clients View for future equity in the business 
 Sunseeker as a brand is at the forefront of the Australian marine market and is seeking a business focused accounts officer to join the team. The role will be reporting the Managing Director and will also be involved with property accounts issues. This role has the opportunity for some flexibility of hours, however applicants will need to be available, on occasion, outside traditional work hours for events and other business needs. Dealing in the prestige marine market, you should be a commercially-minded individual who will undertake the day-to-day accounts activities including accounts payable and receivable, cheque requisitions, invoice creation, data entry and associated filing, FX transactions and reconciliations. This is a hands-on role and will require you to take ownership and responsibility for your work and the contribution you make to the team.  Strong communication skills are essential as is a willingness to step up and learn the intricacies of this dynamic business. You will be highly organised and be able to build yourself as a person of trust in the organisation. The successful candidate will: Have demonstrated experience in an accounts role Exposure to MYOB, Reynolds or Class Super will be highly regarded Have advanced excel and accounting software (industry specific software is used) Strong accounts payable and receivable skills demonstrated in previous roles Experience with Self-Managed Superfund is preferable but not a requirement Be a strong team player with a flexible approach to your work. Exposure to the marine industry, retail, sales or service industry experience will be highly regarded. ** Please do not contact Sunseeker directly as Sunseeker are not managing the recruitment process 
Our ClientA market leader in their field, our client offers a diverse and cutting-edge range of products and services in the Mining Industry.  Core values of innovation, safety and quality people contribute to the inclusive and diverse culture. Based in the Brisbane Head Office, the Senior Payroll Officer will be joining a close knit team who enjoy having a laugh at work. The RoleReporting to the National HR Manager, the responsibilities of the role will include; End to end payroll (fortnightly and monthly) Calculations of Superannuation, Leave, Payroll Tax, PAYG Month End reporting Dealing with payroll queries   Generalist HR (new starter packs and assisting with rostering) Assisting Finance team  About YouThe successful person for this role will have /be; Highly experienced in payroll A strong understanding of payroll legislation Experienced in a stand-alone payroll function Generalist HR knowledge Accounts receivable and payables experience (back up in accounts)   Willingness to take ownership of the role Highly organised with a keen eye for detail Exceptional communication and customer service skills A flexible, professional and positive approach HR3 system experience will be highly advantageous  What's on Offer? Innovative and growing company Mining Industry Competitive remuneration Take ownership of the payroll Excellent working conditions Down to earth, team environment Modern office - river views CBD - 6 month maternity leave contract  If this role appeal to you and you have the skill set and attitude to match, APPLY NOW for immediate consideration or contact Hayley Coghill on 07 3118 0125, for further discussion.  To apply for this role please follow the apply now button or for a confidential discussion please contact me on the number below 
 About the business Printing company providing full design service, digital printing, wide format printing, offset printing, delivery and installation service. Thriving business with friendly work environment.  About the role Hands on person required to assist the Business Manager with both Accounts and Administration processes and ensure smooth running of the business. Good phone manner and excellent customer service skills  Benefits and perks Salary plus superannuation Monday to Friday work  Flexible working hours  Skills and experience Computer skills in Word, Excel and Outlook  Drivers licence Experience in similar role and able to multi task &amp; be a team player Full training provided on our Accounting System 
 Fantastic opportunity for an experienced Accountant to join a ASX listed company for 6 months to assist with the end of financial year period. Working within a collaborative environment you will assist with all aspects of the statutory accounting process and group consolidation, helping to deliver the annual financial statements. Candidates who hold working holiday visa's are welcome to apply. To proceed with your application you will need to be available immediately or have a short notice period. Job Responsibilities: Assist the group reporting team to prepare and execute the consolidation process Produce monthly and annual group financial reports Compile and deliver the group's statutory reporting requirements for year-end Group audit process Provide technical accounting assistance to divisional finance teams Job Requirements: CA / CPA A minimum of 3 year's experience with statutory reporting and consolidations Experience working within ASX listed companies essential TM1 / Cognos highly regarded Ability to meet deadlines and work well under pressure Excellent communication and interpersonal skills To apply please click apply or call Tina Patton on 0386282128 for a confidential discussion. 
This is a great stepping-stone opportunity for an experienced but ambitious Accounts Payable Officer, to join a large, dynamic &amp; supportive professional services firm in Macquarie Park. This is a full function AP role, working in a team and looking after end to end accounts payable for this large, fast-paced business. In addition to your regular AP duties, there will also be an opportunity to become involved in more broad GL activities, the month end process and supervising staff. You are a driven, ambitious and professional AP Clerk, with several years' experience in a high-volume, full-function AP role with a large, complex Corporate company. Previous experience working in professional services would be highly regarded. You are an excellent communicator, with experience dealing with senior managers and a passion for change and process improvement. This is a 6 month fixed term contract initially with a potential to go permanent.  If this sounds like the ideal role for you, please hit 'Apply' and send through your CV. 
 My client who are a large international second tier firm are looking for an experienced Audit Manager or Senior Manager to work closely with the Senior Audit Partner in the provision of independent, objective and insightful assurance of the effectiveness and efficiency of governance, risk management and control processes. In addition, there is opportunity to get involved in niche areas of corporate advisory including; due diligience and transaction advisory work. You will be exposed to a wide spectrum clients from Blue Chip Corporates to SME's and Government based industry clients. Duties and Responsibilities: Build and maintain relationships with key business stakeholders and assist in the delivery of the annual audit plan. Undertake or lead internal audit assignments in accordance with the internal audit methodology, processes and key success criteria. Provide advice on, and follow up the implementation of the agreed improvement actions Support other team members on assignments and data mining. Liaise with the commercial accounting staff on a regular basis to ensure there is an effective communication across both functions on areas and issues off concern Continuously develop own technical, commercial and personal skills. Skills and Experience: 7+ years internal audit/ assurance experience Demonstrated capacity for commercial orientated problem solving. Demonstrated experience in establishing and maintaining effective stakeholders relationships. Experience within the wealth sector is desirable but not essential Qualifications: Qualified Chartered Accountant Graduate qualification in Accounting/ Finance or equivalent field 
 The Role This role is a wonderful opportunity for a dynamic person wishing to make their mark on &amp; be able to lead the team to achieve results.  The successful candidate will need to be hands-on &amp; work as a member of the team reporting direct to the owner.  Duties &amp; responsibilities of the role will be: Arranging Finance Arranging insurances Bank reconciliation Month end accruals Cash flow management Asset register and depreciation Statutory reporting Weekly Management reports Preparation of cash analysis Prepare various system &amp;  business reporting and budgets Reviewing, updating and communicating policies and procedures as required Prepare &amp; lodge Business Activity Statements The Successful Candidate To be considered for the role you will need to have previous experience working in Management Accounting &amp; have relevant tertiary qualifications and/or practical experience in an accounting role. You will bring strong system management skills and a strong aptitude for strategic thinking.  The successful candidate will have strong communication skills (both written and verbal) and the ability to build effective relationships with internal and external stakeholders, handling enquiries to resolution. In addition, you will need to demonstrate problem solving capabilities as well as the ability to effectively manage workloads with competing demands.  If this sounds like you we would love to hear from you. All enquiries will be treated strictly confidential 
Our client an award winning prestigious mid tier law firm located in Melbourne CBD, is looking for an experienced Credit Controller to join their team immedately.  Reporting the the AP/AR manager as a credit controller your main responsibilities and duties will be: ŒManaging a portfolio of accounts  Undertaking collection activity direct with clients nationally and internationallyŒ Complex reconciliation of client accounts Allocation of payments  Responding to queries and resolving complaints This role requires excellent communication skills, and ideally you will have come from a legal or professional services background with the proven ability liaise and build relationships with senior partners.  Œ This is a great opportunity to join a firm that is known for the innovative and collaborative approach they take. This role is paying up to $70k package. Interviews are currently being held. APPLY NOW!      To apply for this role please follow the apply now button or for a confidential discussion please contact me on the number below 
 Our client is a well-respected company based in the outer Eastern suburbs. Due to continual expansion they are now looking for an experienced Accounts Receivable/Credit Officer to join their finance team. Reporting to the Finance Manager your key responsibilities will include: Banking and allocation of monies Credit adjustment rates, Cash receipting High volume debt collection Account reconciliations Adhoc accounts administration duties. We are looking for an individual with; Excellent reconciliation skills Experience working with a medium sized GL system, such as Pronto Great Plains or AX Dynamics Outstanding attention to detail The ability to meet set deadlines Work as part of team. If you are looking for work life balance and have previous Accounts Receivable/Credit experience then this is the perfect role for you. To apply online please click on the appropriate link below and send your resume in WORD format. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion please contact Marnie Wapshott or Mandi Vitalos on 03 9535 2111. ( SK97894A ) (SK98225A ) ( SK98226A ) Please visit www.veritasrecruitment.com.au to view more jobs. 
 About Amway Amway is a US$8.6 billion global corporation where every employee is a respected member of the team. Amway's mission is to help people live better lives. We fulfil this mission by helping people, including our employees, achieve their full potential.   About the role We're looking for a highly skilled, professional with a passion for creating accurate, detailed, insightful and user-friendly reports efficiently to join our Finance team located in Bella Vista. As a crucial role for our team, you will be responsible for generating data, creating reports and dashboards to support analysis of business and product performance. While reporting to the Financial Controller, you will also work closely with key business partners to define and create ad hoc reports as required, quantify the business against strategic metrics and highlight possible issues or opportunities for improvement. This role has two main focuses of performing more complicated data extracts to help our business as well as developing our reporting tools to enable front line staff to extract their data as required. Key responsibilities include: Conduct an overall Reporting and Analytics evaluation of requirements for the solution needs including a comprehensive analysis of current Analytics and reporting used across the organisation. Leading and shaping the development and deployment of the Reporting and Analytics Strategy including Data warehousing. Multiple business analytic views including both product and customer or customer group focused views. Summarisation and presentation of data including Excel and Tableau Ensure and maintain integrity of data. Demonstrated track record across design and development Experience and Skills required Desired education to a degree level Strong BI experience within a SQL server environment - both a production and Data Warehousing Capacity Experience with logical and physical data layer construction/architecture Experience of Data visualization tools Oracle, Oracle OBIEE , Tableau Reporting Extensive research and/or analytical experience Experience in CRM software Strong analytical, statistical and numerical skills Excellent planning and organisational skills PC skills “ MS Office “ Advance Excel Exceptional written and verbal communication skills Outstanding customer engagement and relationship building skills 2 to 4 years plus experience in similar role What's in it for you? Annual bonus Flexible working hours Employee discounts on all our products; including free vitamins in the office! Birthday Leave &amp; Extra day of annual leave at Christmas time Christmas Product Allocation Onsite parking To be successful for this position you will have experience and strengths in all the above responsibilities. We are seeking a confident, business savvy individual who has a highly analytical mindset, strong problem solving skills and advanced computer skills. If you have a positive attitude, are flexible and adaptable and strive for success then please APPLY NOW!  
 Excellent opportunity to work closely with partners, in a reputable firm, with a diverse client base Your new company This firm is seeking an advanced intermediate who is keen to progress their career rapidly. Your new firm will expose you to a diverse range of clients, offering a full suite of services. They believe in excellent team culture and positive moral, resulting in extremely low staff turnover. Your new role The role will include duties including, but not limited to: Assist with the preparation of income tax returns, financial statements and other related documents Preparation of tax projections for clients Basic payroll processing Assist in end of year reporting Liaising with clients Data entry What you'll need to succeed You will need to be a confident accountant with excellent communication skills. You will have strong attention to detail, with experience working on individual, company and trust accounts. Successful candidates will be eager to learn and quick to fit into a very busy team. What you'll get in return In return you will receive a competitive salary package, with great opportunity to learn, develop and progress your career. You will have exposure to working in a team with partners, gaining excellent exposure to high profile clients. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Tom Miles on 9604 9517 now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 We are looking for an experienced Accounts Payable Officer to join our friendly team in Macquarie Park on contractual basis. The position is working full time hours for up to six months. The successful candidate will be responsible for carrying out the accounts payable for International SOS in a professional and timely manner whilst complying with client requirements and internal deadlines.   As the Accounts Payable Officer you will be responsible for: Manage high volume data entry and processing of invoices for complex client contracts. Liaise with internal departments, both regional and global, to ensure all payments are made to providers in accordance with agreed cycles Complete balance sheet aging for AP ledger. Process bank reconciliation and payment processing. Liaise with internal and external stakeholders daily; responding to queries/requests and managing expectations accordingly. Ensure purchase invoices are entered into the system and reconciled back to the provider statements. Process internal staff expenses, and prepare and reconcile inter-company cross charges. To be considered for this role you will have: Several years proven experience in a stand alone accounts payable position within the professional services industry, processing high volume invoicing. Essential is a working knowledge of Oracle (AP Function). Advanced Excel skills using vlook up and pivot tables. Strong attention to detail and the ability to work to deadlines. This is an opportunity to make a difference in our rapidly growing organisation and in return we will offer a professional working environment, opportunity for further career development and an excellent remuneration package.   The Company International SOS (www.internationalsos.com) is the world's leading medical and travel security risk services company.  International SOS cares for subscriber clients across the globe, from more than 850 affiliated locations in 92 countries.  Our expertise is unique: more than 11,000 employees at these locations are led by over 5,200 medical &amp; healthcare professionals and 200 security specialists.   For more information about this opportunity, please contact: Christine Dorado, Recruitment Consultant on christine.dorado@internationalsos.com 
   Self-paced, strong career progression   Mentor Graduate Accountants in your team Social, supportive work environment   The Company   This 2nd Tier CA firm employs 165 staff, under 15 partners. The national brand prides itself on providing exceptional client service, technical expertise and a supportive working environment. The firm promotes and rewards staff based on individual level and work performance, not based on years of experience or employment. This allows you to control your career progression.   The Role/Individual   The firm is looking for a CA/CPA qualified accountant, experienced in Business Services, who will fit in with the office culture. Reporting to 2 managers, you will work on a variety of entities across a diverse portfolio. You will also have: Background in Business Advisory &amp; Development A drive for career progression Previously worked in a mid/top tier firm   Duties:   Complete assigned business services accounting work beyond a 'process compliance' standard, to meet client needs Review client files and prepare Financial Statements and Tax Returns for management review Work on a variety of entities across a diverse portfolio Extensive client contact and managing scope of work Engage and mentor graduates within the team Inspire client loyalty through the end to end management and delivery of quality tax compliance and consulting advice across a range of tax matters Work with clients to achieve their business and financial goals, by providing forecasts, budgets, and analysing and interpreting information   Skills &amp; Experience   The following requirements are necessary in order to be considered: 4+ years' experience in a similar role Completed CA/CPA Previous experience in MYOB AE &amp; Xero Exceptional interpersonal skills- both written &amp; verbal   Benefits   Great staff culture: Weekly lunch for all staff (provided by the firm), charity fun runs, soccer, touch and netball teams Minimal Individual Tax Returns (only those associated with companies and trusts) Career Development Support: CA/CPA support &amp; mentoring, Monthly reviews, personal goal setting- work performance recognised and rewarded (not based on years of experience or employment) No SMSF work required Regular Social Events: Christmas party, EOFY, monthly drinks, social club (races, ball previously) 4 weeks extra paid leave, after 5 years of employment Private Health Insurance discount Income Protection Insurance provided CBD location- close to public transport, cafÃ©'s, and restaurants   To Apply   Email bethany@mwrecruitment.com.au. For further information call Bethany Jones BCom (Acc) on 07 3009 6404 or 0421 995 065 
 A Senior Financial Accountant, living in the country with local experience and ready for an immediate start Your new company This successful Infrastructure Company is winning new contracts and are thus seeking support on a temporary basis within their Group Finance function. They focus heavily on promoting and developing their staff throughout the business so there is the potential opportunity for permanency. Your new role This leading organisation is seeking the immediate assistance of a Financial Accountant who is experienced in the preparation of statutory financial accounts, corporate tax, monthly management reporting and tax effect accounting. What you'll need to succeed Ideally you will have been trained in a Top 4 environment and possess superior communication and interpersonal skills as you will be liaising across all business units as your role will perform a Group Function. Your advanced IT skills in Excel and a large ERP will see you dealing also with budgeting, planning and analysis. What you'll get in return You will have a the opportunity to work alongside a fantastic, motivated team, for a great hourly rate, with the potential to go permanent. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 One of the most respected insolvency accounting firms in the country is seeking a degree qualified accountant to join their growing team. Experience in Insolvency is not required, just a willingness to learn and a professional approach to your career. Excellent verbal, and written, communication skills are essential. This role is the perfect start to an interesting career, that can deliver promotion and inter office transfer. Stereotypical accountants need not apply - this is not the role for you.            WORRELLS SOLVENCY &amp; FORENSIC ACCOUNTANTS                   Plain Talk * Straight Answers * Fast Results                                www.worrells.net.au 
 Are you an experienced Finance Professional with proven business partnering experience? Do you consider a Finance Analyst position with a national scope as the ideal next step in your career development? Our business continues to go from strength to strength in what we consider to be one of the most progressive industries in the Australian market. An internal promotion has paved the way for a commercially minded Analyst to join our Finance team. A challenging value add role where Management Accounting meets Analysis, your key focus areas will encompass; Growing profitability through partnering with operational stakeholders Building strong working relationships with financial and non-financial stakeholders Providing solutions to business issues key stakeholders Drive and monitor Accounting, reporting and processes with a focus on process improvement Ensure compliance standards are met and maintained Partnering with the business to provide insightful information, analysis and guidance Contributing to effective Business alignment and the delivery of value adding services to Business operations. The successful candidate will ideally have the following Qualifications and Experience: Degree qualified with CA/CPA Proven experience in partnering with key financial and non-financial stakeholders Minimum 3 years in a commercially focused role within a large complex organisation Proven experience using large EPR systems A strategic mindset with the ability to communicate effectively and influence Well-developed Excel skills Press Apply and be considered for this great opportunity! 
 Bentleys (WA) Pty Ltd are part of a national network of professionals that provide a full range of services to our client base. These services include corporate advisory, audit, accounting services, business advisory, superannuation advice, estate and financial planning and taxation consulting. We are a City based practice operating from high quality premises with staff amenities including complementary access to our office gymnasium and end of trip facilities for those who wish to cycle to work. An opportunity has arisen for a Graduate Auditor to join the team and begin their career with a leading mid-tier national chartered accounting firm. This diverse role will offer you a high level of responsibility as you foster strong client relationships while developing technical and professional skills within a dynamic and supportive team environment. You will enjoy a work life balance amongst an enthusiastic group of dynamic professionals, with the opportunity for on-going training and development and exposure to a variety of industry clients and their audit needs. You will be required to have completed a Bachelor of Commerce or Business and prerequisite courses to commence CA or CPA studies. You will also need to have a commitment to work within a professional practice firm environment. To be eligible to apply, you must have Australian Citizenship or hold a Permanent Residency status in Australia. In return, we will offer: BONUS leave days in the form of Time Off In Lieu; Opportunity to share in ongoing income from referred new clients; AND Comprehensive Ongoing Training programs For more details about our firm please go to www.bentleys.com.au If you think you have the ambition, positive attitude and skill set to join our team, apply now with your covering letter and resume with your academic transcript in complete confidence by email to hr@perth.bentleys.com.au and quote Ref: AUD-GRAD/042018. Please note, candidate screening and interviews may commence prior to the advertised closing date and only successful applicants will be contacted. Applicants who do not entirely fulfill the above criteria will not be considered. 
 QC Accountants is a small business accounting firm based in Varsity Lakes. We are a fast growing and progressive accounting firm servicing a mix of small business, superannuation funds and individuals. Due to our growing practice, we now have an exciting opportunity to join our team as an experienced bookkeeper who will be responsible for bookkeeping tasks for many of our small business clients. Your Characteristics:   Having a positive can-do attitude to take ownership of the ongoing bookkeeping tasks. Good working knowledge of Xero, Quickbooks Online &amp; MYOB. Have experience working as a bookkeeper on behalf of accounting practice preferred. The Role:   Preparing bank reconciliations on behalf of a range of clients using different accounting packages. Liaising with clients and accountants in relation to questions and answers. Preparing payroll on behalf of clients. Inputting and reconciling accounts payable. Other tasks pertaining to bookkeeping. Our firm uses a range of accounting specific software, including Xero Practice Manager, Quickbooks Online, Xero, MYOB, including others. The position is available for an immediate start. The successful candidate will be remunerated commensurate with their experience and ability. Applications close Friday 20 April 2018. Please email your CV and covering letter to hello@qcaccountants.com.au. 
 This firm is looking for a dynamic intermediate accountant who is eager to progress their career Your new company This CBD based firm is seeking an intermediate accountant to join their supportive and friendly team. This firm offers a full suite of services, with the ability to provide their clients with a high level of technical expertise. Your new role The role will include duties such as however not limit to: Preparation of income tax returns Fringe benefits tax returns Tax advice Tax planning Preparation of financial statements Ensuring financial records are in order Liaising with the ATO What you'll need to succeed In this role, you will be required to have at least 3 years' experience working in an Australian Accounting Practice in a Business Services and Tax capacity. You will have excellent communication skills and be proficient in computer literacy and tax software. You will be CA/CPA qualified or working towards completion, with a strong desire to learn and progress your career further. What you'll get in return In return, you will receive competitive remuneration, with the opportunity to work with a broad range of clients. You will also receive the support of a firm that promotes a healthy work life balance. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Tom Miles 9604 9517 now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 The primary purpose of Toll Group is to connect people to products. Our core beliefs, our mission and our vision are underpinned by our values, integrity and trust, safety, continuous improvement, teamwork and being open and transparent. Toll People are recruiting for an experienced Finance and Administration Manager to join our Energy division on 12 month fixed term contract. The main purpose of this role is to manage administrative services to the business to enable supply of quality warehousing, transport, supply base and project services. This position is based in Dampier, locally based candidates are encouraged to apply. You will be responsible for Supervising the administration staff to ensure all tasks are completed in a timely and accurate manner Ensuring that your team provide quality customer-focused financial and administrative services Assisting with the implementation and ongoing development of our new systems Working the internal stakeholders and your team to review, map and augment internal administrative processes and controls Training and mentoring your team in best practices as well as standardised and consistent financial reporting requirements Continually improve the efficiency and relevance of financial and administrative procedures Reviewing monthly site packs, fixed cost accruals, revenue accruals and aged purchase orders Assisting with the preparation of annual budgets and forecasts To be successful in this role you will have Commerce/Finance or related degree - preferred Strong developed financial and management accounting skills and knowledge A sound knowledge of budgeting, cost analysis, financial and management reporting The ability to work in a team environment, as a team member and leader Demonstrated ability to understand and map detailed business process, design and apply an improvement plan Well-developed understanding of business processes and the process improvement framework. Effective project management skills. Sound interpersonal and communicative skills Advanced computer literacy (MS Excel, Access, Word, and PowerPoint) and systems knowledge. Our Energy &amp; Marine Logistics division provides scalable logistics and project management solutions to oil and gas customers, supporting on-shore and off-shore energy operations. With a strong focus on developing customised solutions that meet the ever changing needs of our customers in the energy sector, we combine our extensive experience in the industry with strategically located facilities to provide agile logistics solutions for oil and gas projects - from exploration to production, construction and drilling. Note: We will not accept unsolicited CVs from recruitment agencies/third parties and we will not be liable or responsible for any fees or costs associated with unsolicited CVs sent directly to line managers. 
 The Company Our client is a well-known, not-for-profit services organisation that are currently based in Sydney's lower North Shore. They specialise in developing and managing aged care facilities. Furthermore, they are enjoying an exciting period of change and highly recognised for the services they provide. This is a truly terrific role for an experienced Revenue and Billing candidate that has arisen due to an internal restructure. This role will significantly build on your skill set and make a contribution for the greater good, leaving you with a strong sense of accomplishment - both professionally and personally.   The Role As the Revenue &amp; Billing Supervisor, your responsibilities will include but is not limited to: Managing a team of 6 revenue/billing officer Creating goals for the team and mentoring them against their targets Debt collection management Month end process and reporting Making process improvements and system design Driving new projects   Your Background To be considered for this role you will have at least 5 to 6 years of experience working in a revenue / billings supervisory role. As the ideal applicant you will have aged care industry experience and excellent written and verbal communication skills. Previous supervisory experience would be highly advantageous but our client is willing to train an experienced billings / revenue officer who is keen to step up in their career. A positive, friendly disposition is a pre-requisite as is the ability to liaise confidently with professional stakeholders.   If you are keen to find out more about this Billing &amp; Revenue Supervisor position, please contact Justin Wong at Richard Lloyd on 02 8324 5646, quoting reference 4176 or click on 'apply now' below. Please submit your CV in Word format and note that due to the high volume of responses we receive only suitable candidates will be contacted. 
 Work full time close to home in Gladesville Very generous salary packaging entitlements The opportunity to make a real difference Do you want to make a difference? Join us and work to improve the lives of people living with mental illness! One Door Mental Health is committed to improving the circumstances and welfare of people with a serious mental illness, their families, carers, and professionals working in the area. As our new Accounts Officer you will work from our head office in Gladesville to ensure the department achieves it operational requirements and responsibilities to both the internal and external stakeholders in accordance with approved accounting standards, legislative requirement as well as relevant One Door policy and procedure‹. Position Responsibilities A practical understanding of Accounting Standards Implementation, development and production of Cash Flows Implementation, development and production of financial reports, both P&amp;L and balance sheets Implementation, development and production of special purpose reports to both internal and external stakeholders Use SAGE to enter journals, maintain GL and bank accounts Understanding of accruals and prepayments Maintain relevant audit trails of postings and supporting reconciliations Adherence &amp; compliance to the Continuous Quality Improvement policies and principles of One Door Perform Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable and other ad hoc tasks as required by the Finance Manager and GM of Corporate Services Perform and manage NDIS admin and finance tasks‹ Essential Criteria Approved accounting degree from an Australian University Minimum 3 years experience in an Accounts Receivable, Accounts Assistant or Invoicing position. Full or associate membership of Professional accounting body Excellent communication skills and ability to confidently liaise with a variety of stakeholders Exceptional attention to detail and organisational skills Ability to multitask and thrive under pressure Intermediate/advanced Microsoft Excel skills and an intermediate level with other Office applications. Desirable Criteria Participation or completion of CPA, CA or IPA program Demonstrated experience in the use of Micropay Demonstrated experience in the use of Calumo Demonstrated experience in the use of Sage or an equivalent ERP system Experience in the Not for Profit sector NSW Driver's License‹ Please note: It is a requirement that prior to commencing in this role you must possess a National Criminal History Check (obtained within the past 6 months). Don't miss this opportunity to join a recognised and respected organisation and feel great about what you do! We are seeking candidates for this role ASAP, so jump in and apply today! Please click the &quot;Download PD&quot; button below for a copy of the position description. To apply for the role or see selection criteria, click the &quot;Apply Now&quot; button below. Please note that applications will time out after three hours. Please contact Lia Magdalena on 9879 2619 for more information regarding this role. Interviews are currently scheduled to take place on 22nd April 2018. To apply for this job go to: &quot;onedoorcareers.org.au&quot; &amp; enter ref code: 4100330. Applications close 20 April 2018 
If you are a Company Secretary with at least 3 years listed experience and are seeking a new challenge then this is an opportunity you should consider. In this role you will  Ensure that the Company complies with ASX Listing Rules, Corporations Act and any other relevant laws and regulations Manage Board &amp; Committee meetings and activities, Manage the AGM preparation Coordinate the preparation/production of the annual report Manage the Share and Employee Share Plan registry relationships and coordinate all activities involving the registries Maintain statutory records; Maintain the Delegated and Sub-Delegated Authority Register; AUSKey User Administration; Manage the statutory and regulatory compliance and reporting Provide guidance to Directors and management on corporate governance matters You will have at least 3 years experience as Company Secretary within a listed entity. You will also have outstanding analytical skills and excellent attention to detail. You must have effective time management skills and exceptional communication skills. How to apply To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Adam Kumaraswamy  on 0414223338. 
 Opportunity to join a large growing mid-tier Frequent and structured training Great growth potential My client is a top chartered accounting firm has a new opening in their tax division for a senior accountant. This company boasts an international network that allows you to constantly grow vertically in supportive learning environment and also give you the exposure not only to SME's but also middle markets and large corporate organisations, vital to your growing tax knowledge. Some of the duties in this role include: Preparing income tax returns and FBT for consolidated groups and international companies Preparing and analysing financial statements and trial balance obtained by clients and determine suitable tax treatments Completing and lodging BAS, IAS and consolidated activity statements Calculation of Capital Gains Tax Drafting initial tax advice and reports Liaise with the ATO and ASIC on behalf of clients Working with clients in diverse industries expanding from middle market to corporate/strategic market Ideally the successful candidate will have: Minimum 2 year's experience in a tax or business services role Relevant tertiary qualifications CA studying or CA qualified Excellent communication and interpersonal abilities Driven, ambitious and eager to learn A rare opportunity with a Chartered Accounting powerhouse. For any questions and a discussion in the strictest confidentiality, call Daniel on 8296 5888 or via dvan@hartrec.com.au.   
 My client are a physical located and online Auctioneer &amp; Valuations business based on the Gold Coast. With only 5 minutes away drive from either Broad Beach or Surfers Paradise this role would fit perfectly for a experienced CFO who's looking for that ocean beach lifestyle that they've been looking for.    Part of a ASX listed group parent company with over $110M in turnover, this business arm is continually hitting new records with offices opening rapidly across the country and already reached 90 staff members. They're now in need of a commercially, astute, well-rounded operating CFO to drive the business to the next level.    What the role entails and they expect:   Ensure the financial and management accounting systems are appropriately completed  Ensure tax compliance are met including BAS and payroll rolled out through supervision   Monitor and update the 12 month rolling cash flow forecast Adhere to the Corporate Governance Manage internal and external stakeholder relationships including external auditors, lawyers and bankers  Further develop the monthly management reports and ensure their accurate and timely completion for reporting to management and Board and for inclusion in the Group consolidated management reports. Manage a team of Finance/Accounting staff    The ideal candidate would have:    Must have had Online/E-Commerce industry experience  Would have a tertiary degree in Accounting or Commerce  Postgraduate qualification in either the CPA or CA Have worked in a Chartered Accounting environment and has a depth of commercial/industry accounting experience  Has impeccable analytical and reporting skills  Is proactive in suggesting and implementing solutions  Excellent &amp; clear communication skills for attending to fortnightly and month meetings  Has a 'can do' attitude and willing to put in the initiative    In return, you will be rewarded with a dynamic role that will continue to challenge you from all aspects as this truly not a standard black &amp; white CFO position but a real commercial focused based role.    Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted, so if you're interested in this role please hit the APPLY button now.      
 My client is a leading professional services firm who specialises in providing financial services to Australian SME's. Due to growth and diversification, they currently have an exciting and rewarding opportunity for an experienced business services accountant to join their growing business. The role will be an initial 6 month part-time accountant role with a bona-fide view to permanency afterwards. This role would be ideal for a parent looking to return to the workforce on a part-time basis. Further, they offer flexible working arrangements to cater to their staff's personal needs. Reporting to a Senior Partner, your primary responsibility will be to manage a small portfolio of clients. Providing business services to these clients, your responsibilities will include, but not limited to: analysing company's financial statements and performing some forensic accounting; preparing management reports; preparing statutory accounts and corresponding statutory reports for submission to required bodies; liaising with required bodies such as ASIC, ATO, banks, auditors etc.; perform compliance work; tax planning and advice; cash flow analysis; strategic and business planning; and providing financial advice in relation to other matters. The successful candidate will be CA/CPA qualified and will have previously worked within business services in an accounting firm. With your background, you will be a technically strong accountant who gets a kick out of providing value-add services to your clients. You will be proactive and a strong contributor to the office environment also. Given your dealings with both clients and various government bodies etc., it goes without saying that you will possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills. As mentioned, this is a fantastic role that would be highly suited to someone coming back from paternal leave and looking to re-enter the workforce in a part-time capacity, or alternatively, someone looking to take on a role on a part-time basis. For a confidential discussion, please contact Ash Parsons on 8629 1021, or, alternatively, click the APPLY NOW button below. 
 Senior accounting role working for a Chartered Accountant with over 30 years experience. Great opportunity! Your new company This motivated and close knit accounting firm, located in Melbourne's CBD, is currently looking for a business advisory accountant who is looking to take the next step. This firm offers a diverse client base, with a strong focus on internal training. Your new role This role is an excellent opportunity for a motivated senior accountant, looking to work alongside highly qualified co-workers, while further developing their technical skill set. Your role will include working with a diverse range of clients, including but not limited to, high net worth individuals, banking and mining clients. Working underneath a Chartered Accountant with over 30 years' experience, your role will provide you will plenty of room to grow. What you'll need to succeed The role will include duties such as however not limit to: You will be CA/CPA qualified At least 5 years' experience working in an Australian chartered accounting firm Preparation of financial statements, income tax returns, BAS and other related documents Good time management and organisational skills, and an attention to detail. Effectively complete company and client assignments What you'll get in return In return you will receive a competitive remuneration package, ongoing training and development from your firm, and the opportunity to take the next step in your career. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Tom Miles on 96049517 now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
This prestigious international organisation has a long and successful history in Australia and NZ with a reputation in the market as being an employer of choice. The company has enjoyed sustained growth and through new technology and innovation is cementing their future for the long term.  Due to this growth a new role has been created for an ambitious Finance professional with strong leadership credentials.    Reporting to the Finance Director, the Financial Controller has a broad remit that makes this role an attractive career move for an experienced finance professional. Managing a team of eight, the successful applicant will have a variety of responsibilities encompassing financial reporting, financial accounting, local taxation and providing financial information to the Commercial Finance team to influence informed decision making. The company has an established shared service which this role will ensure the quality and performance of output.     The successful candidate will be a high performing individual, a natural leader with a history of mentoring and developing successful teams. We anticipate the candidate will have gained relevant experience ideally in a multinational environment or large corporate with advanced knowledge of USGAAP and IFRS . You will be an open, honest and results focused individual with a can-do attitude and the initiative, drive and passion to achieve. CA/CPA qualified, you will have a confident, outgoing and persuasive communication style as this position will have exposure across every level or the organisation.    To apply please forward your details to Duncan McNeill by clicking on the Apply button below. Please attach your cv in WORD FORMAT ONLY when applying, or telephone the Consultant listed below for a confidential discussion. 
 Being an industry leader in their field, this engineering group is poised for further growth throughout 2018. In line with their expansion plans, they are looking for an experienced Financial Controller to look after one of their business divisions based in Kingsgrove. Reporting to the CFO and the Divisional MD, you will have full remit to manage and oversee the P&amp;L of the division. Key Responsibilities: Support and provide financial insights relating to profit analysis, identify costs savings, process efficiency and cash management Provide financial support and input for bid/tender opportunities Oversee weekly cash forecast and cash management Act as a business partner with operations in relations to productivity, cash positions and ensuring the business is operating at an efficient manner Take lead on possible process improvements within the business Manage relevant statutory reporting and compliance matters as a team. Key Requirements: CA/CPA qualified professional ideally from a Big 4 background At least 5 years of relevant work experience Prior experience in construction, engineering and/or manufacturing would be highly advantageous Commercially savvy with good business acumen Able to work closely as a team and have capacity to support and business partner with the management team. To apply please click apply or call Nicklaus Liew on +61 2 8289 3244 for a confidential discussion. 
 A highly strategic &amp; analytical opportunity with a top-tier firm based in Melbourne CBD. Your new company A highly regarded top-tier firm based in Melbourne CBD are searching for an experienced Finance Leader to join their thriving team. This is an excellent opportunity to join a successful global firm who have an excellent reputation. Your new role The Finance Leader is the primary financial counsel and business advisor to the Service Line Leader and Service Line Operations Director. In addition to maintaining an efficient and effective Finance support function, the Finance Leader plays an active role in managing relationships with the key stakeholders, particularly Geography Service Line Leaders and Sub-Service Line Leaders and partners, National Finance teams and peers from other Service Lines. Responsibilities include, but is not limited to: Provide strategic and timely financial advice, leadership and recommendations on financial issues affecting the line of business. Assist the Oceania service line leadership team on endeavors that require financial due diligence and modelling process Lead the financial planning, budgeting and forecasting processes Monitor, track and report financial results against budgets, goals and historical performance, and identify opportunities to improve results Direct and lead finance team (Management Accountants and Financial Management Associates) to ensure effective and efficient support function What you'll need to succeed Bachelor Degree in Finance Membership of either Chartered Accountants or the Institute of Chartered Practicing Accountants Atleast 8 years experience in finance related roles At least 4 years experience in a management role Previous experience in a professional services environment Excellent communication skills Strong analytical skills and experience in proactive strategic analyses and financial modelling What you'll get in return You will have the opportunity to work in a dynamic, fast paced environment. Work in a modern office with a collaborative culture, in an excellent CBD location. You will be rewarded with a highly competitive remuneration package and an environment where you can be develop and advance your career. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' or forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to bryn.morgan@hays.com.au or call Bryn Morgan on 96049633 now. . 
 Highly professional boutique CBD firm in search of an energetic senior accountant to join their expert team Your new company This multi partner firm boasts a full suite of services to their clients. They are highly professional and driven to ensuring an outstanding quality of service to their clients. Moreover, this firm invests a lot into of benefits to their employees, believing strongly in a work/life balance. Your new role The role will include duties such as however not limit to: Liaising with clients Applying division 7a legislation Preparation and review of income and fringe benefit tax returns and other financial statements High level tax advice Tax planning Ensuring financial records are in order What you'll need to succeed Successful accountants at this firm are ambitious, with a strong desire to learn and progress their careers. You will be a confident accountant with excellent communication skills, a fine attention to detail, professionally mannered with a common sense approach, as well as being able to work well within a team. Ideally, applicants will be CPA or CA qualified, with 5+ years' experience in public practice. What you'll get in return In return, you will receive:  Competitive remuneration in a well-established firm.  An opportunity to progress your career, with the opportunity of partnership.  Weekly in-house training sessions with lunch provided  Professional Internal and External training  Rostered day off once every 4 weeks  Exposure to friendly staff and the company social club What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Tom Miles 9604 9517 now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Our client is an established fresh produce grower and distributer who are market leading in their specialisation. They have a strong network and supply presence with major supermarkets and independents. Due to their growth, we are currently seeking a Senior Accountant to join their team and contribute to the growth and success of the business. You will be reporting to the CFO and cover the following areas: Weekly sales and profitability reporting including analysis and commentary Monitor and update cash flow reports and prepare cashflow forecasts Preparation of monthly returns (i.e. BAS, Payroll Tax, Superannuation, FBT &amp; Workcover) Key Account Payable and liaising with external stakeholder Monthly general ledger reconciliations and month end accruals and journals Finalisation of monthly result Analytical review of weekly and monthly results Ongoing business and system improvements Ad hoc projects as required To be successful for this role you will need: 5 years' experience in financial accounting Experience in fresh produce, seasonal product industries Strong financial account skills CPA/CA Qualified Comfortable liaising with internal and external stakeholders Excellent communication skills at all levels of the organisation Experience in business and process improvement Advanced Excel and accounting software skills Strong problem solving skills What's on offer: Highly negotiable remuneration package (dependent upon experience &amp; demonstrated skills) The chance to work in a friendly, team-based environment The opportunity to join a market-leading business If you are interested in this new opportunity, please contact Laura Robins at Fuse Recruitment on 0402 925 470 for a confidential discussion, or hit the apply button below. 
 Attractive Salary Packaging options 6 Month Contract “ 38 hours per week Not For Profit / Values Based Organisation Catholic Healthcare is a leading not-for-profit provider of residential aged care, community services, retirement living and healthcare across NSW and QLD. As a progressive, values driven organisation we are passionate about the service we provide to our residents, clients and their families. We are currently looking for an enthusiastic and motivated Accounts Payable officer to join our Finance team, based in Macquarie Park. Working together with our Accounts Payable team and reporting to the Fleet Manager, this role is responsible for ensuring the efficient and accurate administration of the accounts payable ledger. To be successful for the role, you will have: Minimum of 2 years experience within a high-volume accounts payable team Proficiency using Microsoft Office and various ERP Software including Basware, Procura etc. Strong customer service focus &amp; ability to work as part of a team Related tertiary qualification, highly desirable Why youll love working with us: Opportunity to work within a rapidly growing organisation Salary packaging opportunities to increase your take home pay Supportive and inclusive team environment Close to public transport How to apply For further information about this opportunity including a position description, please visit our careers page at www.catholichealthcare.com.au or to submit your application, click on ˜Apply Now'. 
 One of the largest state government clusters requires a temporary Financial Accountant Your new company Your new company is one of the largest government clusters and a household name. This organisation is based in Westmead with just a short walk from the train station. Your new role As Financial Accountant, your duties will include but are not limited to: Assisting in month-end closure Produce annual financial statements General ledger reconciliations to the subsidiary ledgers Posting period-ends to general ledger Reconciliation of payroll related information Auditing of the AP vendor file Audit preparation and liaising with external auditors Assist with ERP system implementations Maintenance of the fixed assets register Process improvements to increase efficiencies and best practice productivity What you'll need to succeed To succeed in this role you will need to be CA/CPA qualified with 3-4 years' experience in a medium-large sized business. Strong excel skills are a must. Demonstrated experience in Oracle is preferential. What you'll get in return In return for this role you will receive a rate of $45-47 per hour + Super. You will also work for a large government cluster where extension of contract is probable. This role is ideal for candidates residing in Western Sydney and looking to avoid the commute to the CBD. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to Lisa Craddock, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 The Company Robert Half is currently recruiting Working Holiday Visa candidates for exciting finance/accounting roles in and around Melbourne CBD. This is an excellent opportunity to work in various industries and environments where assignments could be for 1 to 6 months in length. The Role Experience in one of the following roles is essential: Accounts Payable Accounts Receivable Payroll Credit Control Collections Accounts Officer Assistant Accountant Accountant Your Profile To be successful, you will be experienced in one of the above listed roles and be able to commit to work for the duration of the contract if offered. You will have excellent communication and interpersonal skills and have a 'can do' attitude. Previous experience using large ERP systems would be a major advantage! Apply Today Please send your resume by clicking on the apply button. Job Reference: 06 810-¦show number 1873NT 
 Credit Controller role available now in Brisbane CBD with well known company - apply today! Your new company This well known leading international company that operate across various markets are seeking an experienced Credit Controller to join their team on a full time permanent basis. The role will be based in Brisbane's CBD and has excellent public transport connections. Your new role As the successful candidate for this role you will be responsible for managing the credit function for the business. Reporting to the Finance Manager, your core duties will include; collection of overdue accounts, negotiating payment terms, forecasting on collections, sending out statements, debtor reconciliations and debtor reporting. What you'll need to succeed You will be driven to collect cash and maintain a health leader to maximise cash flow. You will bring your exceptional communication and rapport building skills to this role as this role will entail extensive liaison with both customers and internal stakeholders. You will have experience on ERP systems and intermediate to advanced Excel skills. What you'll get in return You will be able to work with this leading business on a permanent basis with a high performing team. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your resume. The Consultant is Chris Viner on 07 32433011. Please apply online. 
 High performance team culture Exciting career opportunity Partner with the leadership team About the Company   Our client is a leading management consulting business that has been supporting a wide range of clients for nearly three decades. The team partner closely with senior leadership teams to provide them with support defining strategies.   About the Role   An exciting opportunity has arisen for a highly motivated Finance Business Partner to join the finance team, well-known for providing a high-performance culture &amp; offering excellent career development.   Being a well organised all-rounder, you will have a strong management accounting background as you work closely with senior internal stakeholders. Your responsibilities will include, but not be limited to the following: Providing management reporting and analysis on a monthly basis. Owning and maintaining the budgeting and forecasting processes for relevant business units. Liaising with business unit leaders on a monthly basis to discuss the financial results and highlight any areas for concern. Suggest solutions to the issues raised. Identify and recommend continuous opportunities to process improvement.   About You   We are looking for highly driven, motivated and ambitious applicants who are considered to be technically very strong and preferably from a professional services environment. As a dynamic professional, you are naturally confident in your manner and approach, complemented with exceptional written and verbal communication skills. With a desire to get ahead, the ideal candidate will have a finance or equivalent degree, along with your CA/CPA qualifications and somebody who can quickly become a trusted advisor with key internal stakeholders.   To express your interest in this role please submit your resume, along with a cover-letter outlining your suitability to the role, using the link below.   Thank you for your interest. 
 The Acquire Group has been retained for an exclusive search to appoint a Senior Commercial Analyst to manage the Sales and Operations Portfolio. A key player in the mining industry this Australian group is consolidating it's national and international presence.    In sum this role will offer an opportunity for an individual to step into a greenfield's scenario. Whilst there will be BAU components this would suit someone who enjoys using their commercial &amp; accounting background to solve operational problems. Immediately you will be tasked to review and improve the sales and operational process. This will involve scenario and supply chain analysis, communication with national GM's and the platform to impress and deliver at this level. For someone at a point in their career where they are looking for senior exposure and the chance to work on meaningful analysis this offers a genuine chance to do so.    Role/Responsibilities Drive commercial performance reporting across financial and operational KPIs to shape actionable insights and analysis. Deliver volume, rate and mix analysis to support the review of sales and margin performance to plan and prior year. Contribute to the preparation of budgets and forecasts that are aligned to key business driver assumptions. Provide sensitivity analysis and scenario modelling to support assessment of business risks and opportunities. Support the review of monthly financial results and engage the shared services function to ensure results are materially complete and accurate. Perform a range of commercial reconciliations to support the close of accurate results.   Your role will involve a lot of stakeholder management and building relationships across all of the commercial business units. This vibrant company wants somebody who will thrive in a dynamic environment and is able to add value to their finance team.    You will be CA/CPA qualified, hailing from a chartered background with a move into industry where you have proven experience partnering multiple departments. Your ability to draw meaningful analysis and insights out of data to then influence stakeholders at all levels, will be the key to your success. It obviously goes without saying that you will possess excellent analytical skills and will be comfortable with building new financial models. Given your exposure to senior stakeholders, it goes without saying that you will possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to influence at all levels. Does this sound like you? Interested? Please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this position contact Daniel O'Brien at Acquire Talent on daniel@acquiretalent.com.au. 0411 517 568 
 Senior Tax Accountant Your new company This well established and highly reputable mid-tier accounting firm offer clients a full suite of business services and advisory work. As a result of the highly specific and technical nature of their work, the firm offers a breadth of training and development opportunities to their staff, assisting them in reaching their full potential. Your new role A broad tax/business services role where you will be involved in preparing tax returns Dealing with large international clients with $10 million turnover Preparing financial statements Giving tax advice in a client facing capacity BAS preparation What you'll need to succeed CA or CPA qualified 3+ years experience in tax accounting (post qualification) Strong communication and interpersonal skills Stable career track record What you'll get in return Exceptional benefits include a basic salary of $80,000, training and development and the opportunity for career progression What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or contact Hannah Squirrell on 93225198 If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 About the business The Australian Dental Association is the peak National body for the dental profession encompassing the majority of dentists in Australia. A member organisation with Branches in every State and the Northern Territory, its goals are to support members by enhancing their ability to provide safe, high quality professional oral health care, encourage the improvement of the oral health of the public and promote the ethics, art and science of dentistry. About the role In line with recent moves to mature our finance management capabilities, we're seeking an experienced Financial Controller to join our team. Reporting to the General Manager, Corporate Services, this new role is responsible for partnering with key senior stakeholders and providing a range of accounting and reporting services as well as leading a variety of change projects across the organisation. You are a results driven leader and have the confidence, presence and demonstrated skills to lead a small team through continuous mentoring, learning and development. In addition, you will be hands-on and possess excellent knowledge of compliance reporting and budget preparation. Does this sound like you? Benefits and perks Onsite parking Gifted days between Christmas and New Year Skills and experience CA/CPA qualified, you have extensive accounting experience and have excellent technical accounting skills. You will also have the confidence to engage and influence across the organisation. 
 We are looking for an APS6 with Corporate Internal Budgets experience for this 6mth contract. Anthony 62576344 Your new company This department has an innovative agenda and important projects to deliver over the next few years. Recent staff movement has created a vacancy for an APS6 Management Accountant. Your new role The role will have a Corporate Internal Budgets focus and be responsible for collating budget data in the departmental FMIS. This data will be used to provide meaningful reports for the executive which will assist with key financial decisions moving forward. What you'll need to succeed We are looking for an APS6 Management Accountant with Corporate Internal Budgets experience in a federal government department. Good stakeholder management skills will also put you in good stead for consideration. What you'll get in return This role will be offered as an hourly rate contract for 6 months with the strong possibility for extension. You must be an Australian citizen to be considered for this role. What you need to do now For more information please contact Anthony Mora on 62576344 or anthony.mora@hays.com.au 
The company: Your new employer is a popular provider of services Australia wide and offer a fantastic working environment with great perks as part of the team. There is parking on site and they are constantly looking of ways to improve the working lives of their growing team. The role: This is a brand new opportunity for a driven Accounts Payable Officer to join a large team and perform a full function role in this fun and vibrant team. Although this is a contract role initially, this role has the potential to develop into a permanent role in a company that rewards their staff with internal development throughout their divisions continually. Duties Perform full function AP related duties including processing supplier invoices, employee related expense claims, and third party payments  Respond to supplier account queries and resolve any invoice discrepancies Deliver a high standard of customer service to customers at all times Manage payment of suppliers as per payment terms and prepare electronic funds transfer Produce monthly AP reconciliation report and ensure this reconciles to supplier statements The candidate: To be considered for this role you will ft the criteria below 2-5 years full function Accounts Payable experience required Intermediate Excel Skills - v-lookups, Pivot Tables Ideally you will have had exposure to large ERPS Experience with Purchasing side of AP You must be immediately available Exceptional communication skills with a passion for customer service. A positive, self-motivated attitude If you feel that you have the skills and experience outlined above I am keen to hear from you. To apply please follow the links below or any additional questions please contact Ben Shapiro at ben@appreciatingtalent.com.au 
Company Large, complex, ASX listed organisation with diverse range of customers, looking for a senior analyst.      Position Reporting to the FP&amp;A Manager you will have a highly visible role in the fast-paced function, with a focus on analysis and stakeholder engagement. You will be involved with providing commentary on the monthly results and accurate financial reporting, KPI analysis and consolidation of management reporting for Asia Pacific. You will also be responsible for quarterly forecasting and annual budgeting, supporting the commercial and operations teams and play a key role in on-going process improvement projects and system upgrades.  Profile You will be CA/CPA qualified, with strong analysis, reporting and budgeting experience combined with the proven ability to manage large amount of data. Superior written and verbal communication skills, a high attention to detail, the ability to thrive under pressure and offer excellent stakeholder management all also key requirements. System experience with SAP and Hyperion Planning / HFM is advantageous. Benefits Great chance to join a listed business, initially on a contract basis and longer term for the right person.  Salary depends on experience and a guide is $120,000 plus super. Apply Please contact Emma Walsh or Karen Ryan on +612 9262 4836 or apply at www.moirgroup.com.au.. To be alerted when we advertise a new job please set up a &quot;job alert&quot; by visiting us at our website www.moirgroup.com.au 
 Business analyst required to work for a ASX in a projects environment Your new company This ASX infrastructure business has multiple contracts in place and at the forefront of technology change in Australia. With projects covering mining, health, oil and gas and environmental this Organisation is the market leader. Your new role We are currently looking for an experienced and dedicated business analyst to join the commercial team. Reporting through to Commercial Finance, the primary purpose of this position is to provide operational insights to support decision making and cost saving initiatives, with a focus on operational performance and any other reporting requests for both internal and external stakeholders. You will also be responsible for project performance tracking, general ledger data integrity, and developing internal stakeholder relationships to support business decisions. What you'll need to succeed Proven experience working as an analyst within a medium to large organisation Experience working in a project environment CA/CPA qualified Excellent computer skills with advanced excel Meticulous and thorough Analytical mind with excellent attention to detail Ability to be flexible and supportive in a changing environment Be a team player in a strong client facing finance team What you'll get in return A quality role in an outstanding company with a long term opportunity available. This role is business facing and will provide the successful candidate excellent exposure to the Company What you need to do now With an immediate start available, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or for more information and a confidential discussion contact Nick Wood at Hays Senior Finance on 03 8562 4250 or email nick.wood@hays.com.au . 
 THE COMPANY This leading diversified Financial Services Group has a reputation for providing rewarding, challenging and diverse career opportunities at a leadership level. Through the encouragement of innovation, ingenuity and entrepreneurial spirit they support their people to achieve and succeed. They have long been recognised as a global leader, earning the trust of its clients, colleagues, community and shareholders through a high standard of work and high ethical standards. THE OPPORTUNITY The Transaction Advisory Services team requires a leader. The team is responsible for partnering with deal teams across the Group to advise on the financial implications of a transaction, with a primary focus on accounting considerations. The team is small, highly skilled and nimble. As its leader you will need to imbed yourself in the business and critically assess transaction returns, co-ordinate and review financial due diligence on proposed transactions and connect the dots across accounting, funding, economic capital and tax streams for a transaction. Ultimately your team is responsible for making recommendations to the Group CFO for the approval of new transactions. EXPERIENCE, SKILLS, QUALIFICATIONS To be successful in this role you will have: CA or equivalent qualification 10-15 years post qualified leadership experience in an organisation with strong transaction flow Significant experience in applying technical accounting knowledge to a transaction environment Outstanding verbal and written communication skills combined with strong problem solving skills and attention to detail Commercial, can do attitude This is a rare opportunity based in Sydney with global remit and responsibility. Relocation can be provided and applications are sought from both local and international candidates. OCEANS GROUP Oceans Group is a boutique executive search firm. Trusted and highly valued, with extensive networks, we service a broad spectrum of industries across Finance, Strategy and Consulting, Legal and Company Secretarial, Projects and Transformation, Regulatory and Corporate Governance, Risk Management and Technology. If you would like to apply for this opportunity, please follow the links or call Vanessa Stack at Oceans Group on 02 9037 1852 for more information. 
 The Company Our client is a prominent Perth based company who have been rapidly growing and are currently working on a number of exciting projects and acquisitions. The company provide a range of services to clients across all industries and are expanding their operations across Australia. As a result of significant growth, this position has become available. The Role A fantastic opportunity has come about for a switched on, technically strong Assistant Accountant. Reporting through to the Finance Manager your responsibilities include: Full management of accounts payable function Accurately costing expenses to General Ledger and ensure all expenses are duly authorised. Provide assistance with End of Month accruals and reconciliation. Daily upload of revenue and statistics files and ledger balancing Bank Reconciliation Ensure internal control policies and procedures are operating effectively Monitoring and checking of all audits relating to financial standards and procedures. Ensure the professional running of the accounting functions to maximise revenue, protect the assets of the Hotel and minimise risk. About You You will be either CA/CPA qualified or working towards qualification. We are looking for a technically strong Accountant. You must be a career driven individual that is looking for a challenging role. How to Apply Please send your resume by clicking on the &quot;apply&quot; button below or for a confidential discussion/further information contact Rupali Vaid on rvaid@fourquarterscom.au    Please note-You must be based in Perth and have full working rights to be considered. 
 We currently have a vacancy for a passionate and energetic assistant accountant with at least 2 years local accounting experience. Working in a supportive team your primary focus shall be managing range of tasks including journals, ledger management / reconciliations, fixed asset register maintenance reporting, analysis, cash handling and other ad hoc tasks. The successful candidate will: Have local experience (2-3 years) in similar work functions Have experience using Xero and be confident with reconciliations Handle payroll Possess intermediate Excel skills Have strong accounting skills Have an accounting degree and/or commenced CA or CPA  Have excellent communication skills To apply for this role, please send your resume and/or cover note through the APPLY button 
 About the Company: This insurance business is really beginning to shine. Backed by some key investors, this is an exciting and newly created role due to an increase in business opportunities. About the Role: Working with the head of FP&amp;A, this role will be responsible for managing a range of opportunities of varying values and complexities. Duties: Your key responsibilities will be: Managing the businesses response to tenders; Drafting initial pricing models for the proposals; Work with the GM's to refine and finalise pricing models; and Constantly challenge business assumptions around cost allocations. Skills &amp; Experience: To be considered for this 12-month contract, critical to your success will be your knowledge and experience in: Bid management; Organisation and time management skills; An understanding of the professional services proposal submission process; and Ability to interact with a diverse group. Executives, managers, directors, and subject matter experts. How to Apply: For more information, please call Colin Kerr at u&amp;u on 02 8245 7907, quoting reference number 11298. Alternatively, to submit an application, please click below. Please submit your resume in Word format only. 
 Immediately available Senior financial accountant responsible for budgeting, forecasting and month end tasks. Your new company Working in a growing business that operates across ANZ, the Senior Financial Accountant will have a variety of responsibilities ranging from completing month end tasks through to assisting with the budgeting and forecasting processes .Reporting into the Financial Controller, this is an exciting opportunity for a Senior Financial Accountant to take the next step in their career. Your new role Control and oversee the month end process Responsibility for the P&amp;L and Balance Sheet as well as underlying account reconciliations. Statutory reporting and tax compliance Assisting with the budgeting and forecasting Assist with ad-hoc and project work as required What you'll need to succeed Bachelor Degree in Accounting or similar discipline CPA or CA qualification 2-4 years post qualification experience in a product based environment Large ERP experience essential e.g. SAP or Oracle Advanced excel What you'll get in return Conveniently located in Sydney's Northern Beaches, close to public transport and with onsite parking, the contract role of Senior Financial Accountant offers an excellent hourly rate with the opportunity to become permanent. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 About the Role Our Family Office division supports high net worth clients by providing them with a number of accounting and administrative solutions tailored to their specific needs. The team works seamlessly together in supporting one another in delivering a high level of service with our key focus being the satisfaction of our clients.  The Client Administrator role is designed to be an interface between our clients and our consultants. It's a great combination of accounting and administration with the added bonus of rewarding responsibility and genuine support.  Main responsibilities include: Accounts Payable &amp; Receivable  Account Reconciliations Document Management Data Entry Banking Reporting Maintaining Registers Communication with a range of external stakeholders to achieve positive outcomes Database Management Adhoc administrative duties as required. Moore Stephens is committed to supporting the progression and success of its staff. With ongoing training and development and a professional and friendly work environment, this role will position you well in your career. Offering a fantastic culture and work life balance, this role would be ideal for an Accounts Officer, Bookkeeper or Office Manager looking for a secure, long term career with a great organisation.  About You Proactive and detail-orientated, you will be well presented with exceptional communication skills and an ability to relate to others in a confidential, professional manner. You will also be highly organised with a good sense of time management. In addition, you will have: successfully completed Year 12, or otherwise suitable level of education proven experience within office administration, accounts payable/receivable and/or cloud accounting (MYOB/Xero) exposure experience using the Microsoft Office suite of programs. Praemium experience desirable but not essential You will be hard working and a team player, looking to become part of a vibrant and ambitious team.  You are comfortable engaging with people both internally and externally and will have a strong technical grounding to support hitting the ground running as well as the opportunity for further growth in your career.  The Firm We are serious about success at Moore Stephens. A progressive and active member of the Moore Stephens International network with 626 offices in 108 countries; we combine a local feel, with global appeal. With over 110 staff and 16 Directors across a number of different service lines, Moore Stephens Victoria has a great reputation locally, nationally and internationally. We are a leading provider of business solutions to the market and our purpose is to provide advisory, assurance, accounting, taxation and technology solutions to organisations and private clients; helping them achieve their goals. We have an exciting vision and well planned strategy for our future growth and are dedicated to building a team, culture and environment where everybody has the opportunity to contribute to our success. To Apply To apply for this opportunity, please send your confidential CV with a Cover Letter addressing the above criteria via the Seek &quot;Apply Now&quot; link below.   
 Looking for a talented Finance manager to support the CFO Your new company A growing brand with a vibrant and energetic culture seeking to appoint a talented Finance Manager to support the CFO for an initial 3-6 month period. With further plans for growth this role represents an excellent challenge to further your commercial skills in line with a broad technical role. Your new role You will take responsibility for the full month end ensuring the ledgers are well balanced whilst providing management and financial information in line with statutory requirements. You will manage cash, the tax position and provide commentary on the results to the senior leaders. You will manage a small team and work closely with the business to ensure senior managers understand the results. What you'll need to succeed You will be a qualified accountant with a progressive track record. Ideally you will have trained in chartered with time spent in industry thereafter. You will aspire to step up into a senior accountant/junior finance manager role where you get the opportunity to run a finance team. What you'll get in return The opportunity to take the next step in your career and take on more responsibilities whilst managing a small team in a growing brand. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 The Company: Boutique accounting services company provides outsourcing accounting services to multinational and local organisations. The Role: Be an important part of growing, friendly and professional team while working closely with the Directors to ensure clients and the practice are well looked after. Key Responsibilities:   Accounting- preparation of accounts and reporting - includes AP, AR, month end journals, bank reconciliations, general ledger reconciliations,financial reports, budgeting and forecasting and reporting packs for client requirement.    Payroll - process payroll, time sheets, super and PAYG reporting, payroll reports and journals, annual payroll reporting.   Taxation - BAS, FBT, company tax returns, payroll tax, annual reports     Client Support/Customer Support - Day to day management of client accounts, attending to client queries, explaining/addressing local legal requirements, and assist with company Secretarial duties. What we need you to have: A professional and flexible approach with excellent communication skills. Strong experience, ideally 5+ years of preparing accounts, tax returns, payroll and reports for clients across a variety of industries and business types Degree qualifications in Accounting, CA or CPA. Big 4 or mid tier experience desirable, Experience with different industries Work independently and be proactive Attention to detail and analytical skills Demonstrated ability of hands-on involvement in the business through to contributing to strategic decision making. Experience working across various accounting software packages including Xero and Quickbooks Advanced excel and other reporting skills This is a fantastic opportunity to join a progressive organisation that values its employees and is committed to the on-going development of a highly professional and happy work environment.  
 Work with a professional services organisation based in Mt Waverley in an interesting Accounts Payable role. Reporting to the AP Manager your duties will include but not limited to: Setting up new supplier accounts Checking, matching and processing invoices Generating EFT payments Handling supplier queries Assisting with month end With some Payroll Backup. The successful candidate will have proven experience within a full function accounts payable role you will have outstanding communication skills, a high attention to detail and be able to work well in a team driven environment. Apply today To apply online please click on the appropriate link below and send your resume in WORD format. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion please contact Marnie Wapshott or Mandi Vitalos on 03 9535 2111. ( SK97894A ) (SK98225A ) ( SK98226A ) Please visit www.veritasrecruitment.com.au to view more jobs. 
 OUR CLIENT Our client is a highly respectable specialist personal injury law firm with a 35+years success track record. They are renowned for their passion for justice+ professionalism+ friendly/down to earth culture. YOUR ROLE In this autonomous+ hands-on role, as the firm's SOLE accountant, you will be responsible for the firm's entire accounting function + also provide strategic input into business decision-making. In particular, you will be responsible for: accounts payable, accounts receivable, assisting with financial and management reporting, trust accounting, budgets and forecasts, cash flows, PAYG, payroll, variance analysis, superannuation, workers compensation, BAS and GST; ensuring corporate governance compliance. WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOU? Advance your career with  this flourishing law firm with an enviable reputation spanning 35+ successful years; Take 100% full ownership of your role-make your personal MARK; Fully utilise/stretch your accounting expertise+ influence strategic business decision-making; Down-to-earth, vibrant+ positive TEAM environment; Healthy Life/Work; Generous+ Supportive+ Caring CEO boss. WHO YOU ARE We are interested in hearing from you if you: are degree qualified in accounting [or similar]+ are fully CA/CPA qualified [or studying]; have 4+years hands-on accounting experience; have a solid understanding of Australian accounting standards, tax legislation and payroll accounting; have worked in a law/accounting firm or  other professional services with experience in trust accounts (preferable); have high accuracy/attention to detail [essential]; are efficient, deadline driven +have proven ability to thrive in a busy multi-tasking environment.   
 Join a leading mid tier firm, work in a collaborative environment with ongoing training &amp; development. Your new company This Melbourne CBD based firm is seeking an intermediate accountant, looking to join their professional and down to earth team. This firm offers clients a full suite of services, with the ability to provide their clients with a high level of technical expertise. Your new role The role will include duties such as however not limit to: Preparation of income tax returns Fringe benefits tax returns Tax advice Tax planning Preparation of financial statements Ensuring financial records are in order Liaising with the ATO What you'll need to succeed In this role, you will be required to have at 1 - 2 years' experience working in an Australian Accounting Practice in a Business Services and Tax capacity. You will have excellent communication skills and be proficient in computer literacy and tax software. You will be working towards a professional qualification with a strong desire to learn and progress your career further. What you'll get in return In return, you will receive competitive remuneration, with the opportunity to work in a mid-tier firm with a broad range of diverse clients. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Gary France on 9604¦show number . If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 About us People's Choice Credit Union is one of Australia's largest and most successful member-owned financial institutions. Our vision is to be acknowledged as Australia's most trusted financial services provider, and a genuine alternative to the major banks. With over 1,000 employees nationally, we are passionate about fostering a positive work environment that offers fulfilling career pathways.  About this position A fantastic opportunity has become available to join our Finance team in the role of Senior Corporate Accountant for a 12 month contract period.   Reporting to the Manager, Financial Compliance this important role is responsible for contributing to business outcomes through the effective management, coordination, monitoring and preparation of all external reporting including:   Annual statutory financial statements; Periodic regulatory reports to external Regulators including APRA and ASIC; Transactional taxation returns for FBT, GST and income tax; AFS licence requirements; Provision of technical accounting, tax and regulatory advice; Assisting in proactive tax planning and compliance. To be successful in this role The successful applicant will possess the following:   Extensive knowledge and understanding of accounting concepts, principles and standards; Proven experience in Corporate accounting and reporting; Knowledge of financial systems (Finance One experience an advantage); Advanced Microsoft Excel skills; The ability to lead a team to deliver effective business outcomes; Accounting Degree or Business degree with a major in accounting related discipline; Membership of an internationally recognised professional accounting body (CA/CPA). As our name suggests, we recognise the importance of being able to make a choice in life, especially one that can shape your career!  So go ahead and make the important choice to be part of an organisation working together for a better future. Please click Apply and submit your application, including a cover letter and current resume by Thursday, 19th April 2018. 
 We are looking for someone with excellent communication and customer service skills ideally with previous AP experience or within a fast paced admin role. The Opportunity This is a 6 month assignment with one of our highly reputable clients in the wholesale retail industry, located in North Sydney - close to the station. They need someone to start immediately to help out the wider Accounts Payable team, processing invoices and dealing with enquiries. There may be potential for the role to be extended or to become permanent. Who are you? Ideally you will have: 6-12 months experience in Accounts Payable or in a fast paced administrative role Accounting Degree/Diploma Natural customer service approach Good excel experience (VLOOKUPS &amp; Pivot Tables) Permanent residency or be an Australian Citizen Possess strong verbal and written communication skills &amp; have a positive attitude If you are interested in this opportunity, please apply now. If you would like further information you can call Cydney now on 02 8315 9203 
 $68,000 - $83,000 package Huge opportunity to grow within a national leading firm BRW top 50 companies to work for in Australia Client: With close to 1000 staff Australia-wide, my client are leaders in providing professional services in corporate recovery, audit, tax and specialist advisory services and they're looking for an ambitious Corporate Recovery Senior to join their growing team in the Sydney office. Role: The role presents the opportunity to work closely as part of a team with managers in a range of corporate recovery cases, liaising with the stakeholders and creditors involved, extensive exposure to investigations, advisory work, formal receiverships, trade ons and exposure to CVL, CL and VA engagements on a local and national basis. You will also have the opportunity to be exposed to investigation and financial assessment, restructure and recovery.  Thus the ideal candidate will possess: 3+ years experience in a similar role in an Australian accounting firm CA/CPA qualified Leadership skills Exceptional communication and reporting abilities First class client service In return: ‹Continuous training and development programs Bi-annual salary reviews CBD location A firm that promotes work/life balance and regular social activities Study support provided Real opportunity to advance your career further within the firm Lively, fast-paced and social work ambience For any questions or a confidential discussion, call Daniel Van on 02 8296 5888, alternatively email dvan@hartrec.com.au. 
 An exceptional opportunity to join a well respected Sydney based firm as Business Services Manager / Senior Manager. My client prides itself on the quality, integrity and professionalism of both their staff and the compliance work &amp; advice that they provide to their clients. Their client base is predominantly SME businesses; a large number of property developers but also retail, publishing, schools, mining, advertising, marketing, manufacturing, professionals - High net worth individuals (doctors, solicitors &amp; barristers). In your position as Manager you will possess the ability to manage your own client portfolio maintaining all business activity. You will be CA qualified and be extremely technically minded with 8-10 years' experience in a local Mid-Tier CA firm. It is imperative to continue to build strong relationships with existing clients as well as forging new productive relationships. You will be directly responsible for preparing billings, budgets and proposals. You will be a decisive and natural leader as you will be supervising and mentoring junior staff. The successful candidate will be very presentable as client facing is a large part of this role. You must be confident, articulate and have excellent communications skills. The firm is a flexible and highly profitable practice as they focus on profitable working hours. The Partners are ex Big 4, which guarantees a high overall standard of work with good systems in place. Remuneration is based on performance and those who do well are rewarded. All employees receive excellent training at the firm including fortnightly technical training. Please apply online. 
 The Company A great opportunity for an experienced Payroll officer to join a globally recognized business. Located in the heart of Melbourne you will be close to public transport and parking.his company prides themselves on exceptional work life balance and a friendly environment. The role This is an ongoing temporary role that will take you up to the end of financial year. Reporting into the Payroll Manager, you will be responsible for assisiting with the Payroll as well as the implementation of a new system. Perfect for someone who is looking for their next challenge! The duties: Using Chris21 to process the fortnightly payroll Processing new starters, terminations and redundancies Maintaining accurate data Assisting with Superannuation, annual leave and other month end reporting Responding to payroll related enquiries in an timely manner Skills and Qualifications Recent experience using Chris21 5 + Years working within a high-volume payroll environment Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Very strong organizational skills and close attention to detail You will be joining a business that is dynamic, progressive and pride themselves on their strong reputation within the industry. If this sounds like you we'd love to hear from you To Apply Please submit your resume via APPLY or for more information call Alex at TwoScots Recruitment on 03 8624 2501. 
 This international mid-tier firm boasts a full suite of services to an established and diverse client base. Your new company This Melbourne CBD based firm is seeking an intermediate accountant, looking to join their professional and down to earth team. This firm offers clients a full suite of services, with the ability to provide their clients with a high level of technical expertise. Your new role The role will include duties such as however not limit to: Preparation of income tax returns Fringe benefits tax returns Tax advice Tax planning Preparation of financial statements Ensuring financial records are in order Liaising with the ATO What you'll need to succeed In this role, you will be required to have at least 3 years' experience working in an Australian Accounting Practice in a Business Services and Tax capacity. You will have excellent communication skills and be proficient in computer literacy and tax software. You will be CA/CPA qualified or working towards completion, with a strong desire to learn and progress your career further. What you'll get in return In return, you will receive competitive remuneration, with the opportunity to work in a mid-tier firm with a broad range of diverse clients. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Tom Miles now 96049517 now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
Make sure you ONLY speak to the RECRUITMENT EXPERT to get real advice from an accountant who can leverage his long-term relationships with Partners in the best local firms to make sure you're matched exclusively to the best role. We only work with quality candidates as our clients demand the best people.  We deal with all the best firms in town to make sure you get the right fit Exclusive access to roles through long-term relationships with the Partners Deal with the Accountant from Public Practice to ensure honesty and integrity Right now we are looking for People at different levels all across the country for our top Boutique, Mid-Tier and Big 4 clients. So if you have local experience in Public Practice in Tax &amp; Business Services, Audit, Insolvency/Forensic - we will find a role in your desired location from a small country town to one of the capital cities. Great roles in Newcastle, Maitland, Forster, Tamworth, Port Macquarie, Central Cost and Hunter Region.   Practice Areas Tax &amp; Business Services Audit (Internal &amp; External) Insolvency &amp; Forensic Financial Planning Legal Positions Intermediates - (2-4 years) ($50k-$65k) Seniors (3-5 years) ($65k-$80k) Supervisors (4-7 years) ($75k-$90k) Managers (5-10 years ($85k-$130k) Directors and aspiring Partners (7 yrs+) ($150k+++++) ***PLEASE ONLY APPLY IF YOU HAVE EXPERIENCE WORKING IN A REPUTABLE ACCOUNTING FIRM IN AUSTRALIA FOR TAX ROLES, FOR AUDIT THEN COMPARABLE FIRM OVERSEAS IN ENGLISH*** Ideally, you would Have experience dealing with a broad range of clients across different industries in Accounting Firms in Australia Have a recent and solid knowledge of Australian Corporate and Taxation Requirements and Issues Be CA/CPA Qualified or on the way to being qualified or qualified by experience.  Be serious about your career in Accounting and looking to progress with the right firm Commercial Acumen to do advisory work for clients and have used some of the major accounting software packages Great command of English and be able to communicate with clients and colleagues.  If you're considering a new opportunity locally because you're fed up with your current progress or salary, or perhaps looking to relocate to another city - make sure you contact Anna at RecruitmentExpert first for an honest opinion.  Best to Apply through Seek right now or email me with your details for a confidential and prompt discussion on anna@recruitmentexpert.com.au 
 Based in Stawell Temp to perm opportunity Immediate need Our client are looking to secure the services of an experienced Senior Financial/Management Accountant to join their high profile business based in Stawell. You will be required to support the CFO with their diverse business portfolio, mentor junior staff and contribute to the long standing success of this high profile business. Your responsibilities will include: Management of business planning, co-ordination, performance analysis and reporting; Responsible for key project deliverables to senior management Support &amp; co-ordinate audit and risk management strategies Prepare monthly reporting packs Compilation of monthly variance and financial reports to senior management Preparation of budgets and forecasts Data Management and reporting relating to resourcing requirements Liaising with internal and external clients/staff members and providing accurate accounting advice and additional processing needs when required The role requires a candidate with significant demonstrated experience working in a similar role. You will be a professionally qualified as a CA/CPA with experience using large ERP's as well as previous experience in supporting key stakeholders within an organisation. Candidates with experience working with PRONTO will be highly regarded. Essential to the role will be your exceptional written and verbal communication skills and ability to work in a team focused environment. This client has an IMMEDIATE need so apply today. Please apply quoting Ref No: 21741RD 
 ABOUT US Located in Wahroonga in Sydney's north, Knox Grammar School is an independent Uniting Church day and boarding boys' school with a focus on positive education, quality teaching and providing outstanding educational opportunities. Knox offers excellent professional development opportunities and benefits to its passionate team of teachers and support staff. ABOUT THE ROLE The Payroll Manager will lead and manage the payroll office with a fortnightly payroll.  The successful candidate will have the opportunity to develop and continuously improve processes and build a culture of service and excellence. The payroll manager will work to deliver critical payroll and associated services, integrated with end to end people management process within the Business Office and within the Staff Services Office to ensure compliant, effective and timely processing of payroll/Staff Services transactions. HOW TO APPLY For a role description, information about the school and about becoming a member of staff at Knox, please go to our website to apply now www.knox.nsw.edu.au/employment CLOSING DATE FOR APPLICATIONS 4pm Friday 27th April 2018   Successful applicants will be required to provide the School with a current Working with Children Check number 
 Reporting into the Financial Controller, this is a busy, full function Accounts Payable role. You will be responsible for matching, batching and coding of invoices, weekly bank recs and dealing with supplier queries along with month end preparation of reports and reconciliations. You will be an experienced Accounts Payable candidate, have good time management skills and the ability to multi tasks. You will also have passion to build solid relationships with suppliers and across the business. This opportunity is to commence immediately! To apply online please click on the appropriate link below and send your resume in WORD format. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion please contact Marnie Wapshott or Mandi Vitalos on 03 9535 2111. ( SK97894A ) (SK98225A ) ( SK98226A ) Please visit www.veritasrecruitment.com.au to view more jobs. 
 An opportunity to join a high calibre team delivering real, sustainable infrastructure for today's society. We are a recycling company committed to producing a waste-less society. You'll be part of a supportive, high performing team in an organisation that values our employees and the contribution they make to both us and the environment. Reporting directly to the Senior Accountant and Commercial Director, the Financial Accountant will be responsible for various accounting functions such as bookkeeping, invoicing, payroll, AR, AP, ATO requirements and monthly reports of a newly created division. You will also provide support to the operating management team as required. You'll have professional communication skills, sound technical accounting and taxation knowledge, an ability to work autonomously, good commercial skills and attention to detail with a strong work ethic and willingness to learn.  An attractive remuneration package will be offered to the successful candidate, commensurate with skills and experience. The successful candidate will have at least 4 years financial accounting experience, be CA or CPA qualified and be willing to travel interstate as required. To apply, please send your resume and covering letter via the ˜Apply' button. If you have any questions about the role, please contact careers@mgisyd.com.au or Rachel Dorrian (02) 9230 9200. Applications will close on 11 May 2018. 
 As an applicant you must have solid experience in an Australian public accounting firm with a minimum of three years experience. Preparing income tax returns, financial statements and business advice in accordance with the appropriate accounting principles, for a wide variety of clients and industries, including companies, trusts, partnerships and individuals. The successful candidate will have exceptional organizational skills and commitment to ensuring all statutory obligations are kept up to date for the client. Effective use of accounting software packages, in particular Xero, to help clients achieve their business needs including reconciling accounts, extracting data, payroll and problem solving. Preparation of financial analysis reports helping clients to understand the changing conditions of their business environment on a monthly basis, including cash flow, KPI and various ratio analysis. Working as part of a business advisory team preparing monthly accounts, including preparation of monthly management reports. Your written and spoken communication skills are critical to a high performing team. Development of these skills is expected in performing your professional services role. Training and professional development is encouraged. Benefits and incentives Salary commensurate with experience Regular team events and staff functions Excellent mentoring and training opportunities Opportunities to progress to a Senior position in the future Minimal overtime required CA or CPA study support (mentoring, financial assistance and study leave) Modern premises with paperless systems Convenient location Laid back and friendly environment     
Large well known healthcare provider seeking additional support at the assistant accountant level. Due to recent expansion across Australia and New Zealand the GM of Finance has created this role to support the growing finance team. Responsibilities: Entering of invoices Reconciliations of government grants Preparation of acquittal statements General Ledger reconciliations Assist with the internal audit process Support the month end processes and ad hoc reporting Assist with ad hoc administration Essential Criteria: Previous experience in an heavily focused reconciliation role Prior exposure to the healthcare industry (preferable) Ability to multitask with various responsibilities Strong communication skills If you believe you meet most of the above criteria, please contact us directly for further information. 
 Big 4 firm working inside the middle market division working closely with a Manager &amp; Director on a variety of industry clients in providing tax compliance &amp; advisory work in respect to direct income tax and transaction tax work. Whether it be dealing with directly with corporate or private equity clients the mix of work is always on top of the challenge.    The role:  Ensuring all tax compliance deliverables that are high quality, technically accurate and delivered on time Utilising your Corporate Tax experience and knowledge, and leveraging the data delivery tools and technology, to enhance the core services to clients Innovating and supporting continuous improvement initiatives in tax compliance and process based activities Reviewing tax effect accounting calculations and financial statement tax disclosures  Mentoring junior staff members    You bring to the role  Corporate tax experience in either a Big 4 or tier 2 firm, or large in-house tax team Australian and/or other Commonwealth country tax experience Strong Tax compliance experience, including preparation and/or review of income tax returns, tax provisions and distribution reviews Pursuing completion of a Masters of Tax or CA qualification  Legal and/or commerce degree (desirable)  Strong interpersonal, collaborative and influencing skills and the ability to motivate and develop high performing teams    Please click the APPLY button if this seems like the role you wish to pursue.  
Our Client has had an outstanding past year, and due to this a newly created Head of Risk &amp; Compliance Manager position has been created. The purpose of the position is to identify, evaluate, treat, monitor and communicate the company's operational and strategic risks globally. This includes developing, reviewing, and facilitating the continual improvement of risk management framework throughout the business located in various jurisdictions. As a key member of the team you will develop, innovative, effective and efficient approaches for the way that we manage risk across the business in this forever changing landscape. This position is to support or develop our risk-type framework, so that our front-line colleagues are making risk-informed business decisions in support of the business's risk vision. The Risk &amp; Compliance Manager will be expected to lead, steer and direct the roll out of the enterprise risk framework components to ultimately reduce the risk and compliance footprint within the business.   Reporting into our Group Chief Financial Officer, some of your responsibilities will be: Innovation and thought leadership “ you have a track record of translating your knowledge, innovative ideas and foresight into creating and implementing practical, value-adding risk management approaches Strategically you are able to look outside the square, as well as having an ability and aptitude for detailed analysis; you are equally comfortable working with qualitative and quantitative approaches Intellectual curiosity - you ask probing questions and don't take no for an answer The ability to analyse and provide insight, as well as to deal with ambiguity Action focus - you drive results by taking accountability, initiating action, gaining buy-in and advising of the risk framework to the business You encourage and facilitate businesses to recognize their risks - both the good risks that are worth taking, and the bad ones which need careful handling - and to make balanced risk and reward decisions that support their growth objectives &amp; Develop and execute a key control testing framework to monitor the effectiveness of our control environment Our ideal candidate will have the following: Tertiary education qualifications in Commerce, Law or a similar discipline Strong working understanding of the Australian Standard on Risk Management (AS/NZS 31000:2009), Business Continuity (AS/NZS 5050:2010) and applicable international risk management standards and frameworks Previous experience in Enterprise Risk &amp; Compliance manager working within e-commerce, e-marketing, digital goods, travel, financial services industry, or Payment Service industry will be highly regarded  Excellent communication and written language skills particularly in the context of concise and effective reporting to senior management and Board stakeholders Ability to develop strong internal partnerships across departments and work groups Strong business acumen; insights into what drives businesses Experience using Microsoft Office products, including: Excel, Word, Outlook, and PowerPoint.    This Risk &amp; Compliance Manager position is to identify, evaluate, treat, monitor and communicate the company's operational and strategic risks. This includes reviewing and facilitating the continual improvement of risk management throughout the business.    For a confidential discussion regarding this position please contact on Rose Filippone on 03 8614 8204 / 0409 236 061 or send your word formatted resume to rosefilippone@alexkaar.com.au 
 You will run the finance function of this high performing business, control all accounts and lead a team Your new company As a major contributor to their market both locally in Australia and overseas, this project/contract based manufacturer offers high end products to their customer. With a reputation as being the best, they are always striving to perform in a way that replicates this. Your new role Day to day control of the finance team. All general ledger and p&amp;l control Team management Month end reporting, analysis and compliance Work in Progress accounting, periodic payments, and revenue recognition What you'll need to succeed Previous manufacturing, construction or project based experience Working knowledge of Work in Progress (WIP) accounting Strong technical accounting skills Staff management skills with ability to mentor and coach Ability to lead entire finance function What you'll get in return Work for a market leading business Lead a team and report to a CFO Become part of the executive team Good culture and staff Excellent salary East/South Eastern suburbs location What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Paul Turk in the Glen Waverley office on 03 8562 4250 for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Operating in over 37 countries worldwide, Rexel provides innovative electrical solutions and equipment to improve comfort, performance, and energy efficiency for customers in the industrial, commercial and residential sectors.  We are focused on creating value for our customers by providing a broad range of sustainable and innovative products and services across the electrical wholesaling industry. Opportunity We have an opportunity for a banking officer to support our banking team for a 6 month period, covering a maternity leave absence.  You will be responsible for the reconciliation of all bank and clearing accounts. Key responsibilities (but not limited to) Reviewing, investigating and clearing unreconciled transactions “ escalating any issues to the Banking Supervisor Assisting or completing month end GL reconciliations for bank and other relevant accounts Solving any banking issues in consultation with IT, the bank, BOA and other colleagues The successful candidate will have: Availability to start immediately Excellent communication skills with an ability to liaise effectively with all levels of management across various divisions and departments within the group. ERP system experience essential, Oracle and Pronto preferred Exposure to data warehouse or BI tool Previous experience in a large multi-site company or exposure to a large volume transaction environment Strong analytical skills, high attention to detail and the ability to interpret and present analysis If you believe this is the role for you, apply today by clicking the link below. 
 2 week temporary assignment Commencing 16/4/2018 Hours 8.00am - 4.30pm Monday to Friday Close to public transport Osborne Park - well known company seeks an experienced Accounts Payable Clerk for a two week temporary assignment commencing Monday 16th April. Duties include; Accounts payable Reconciling debtors accounts Processing accounts payable invoices Date Entry Adhoc administrative duties The successful candidate will need to demonstrate a minimum of two years in an accounts payable role. Please email your resume in Word format. Apply to Glynn Moore via the appropriate link with a covering email outlining your expected hourly rate. 
 Manage a team of 20 staff, deal with ASX listed clients and progress your career Your new company Your new firm will provide you with a warm and supportive environment to progress your career. In an opened plan, modern office, you will part of a firm that is growing significantly year on year. This well-established specialist advisory firm is the perfect environment for a dedicated manager to grow their career. Your new role With clients across a range of exciting industries you'll deliver a broad range of services including statutory financial reporting, corporate compliance, due diligence and capital raising. Alongside this, the firm offers all necessary operational support including AP/AR, payroll, BAS lodgement and more. The core function of your role will include: Prepare and review financial statements ensuring that all financial reporting deadlines are met, internally and externally as per ASX and Australian Securities and Investments Corporation (ASIC) requirements including quarterly, semi-annual and annual reports Preparation of consolidations and cash flow forecasts Oversee and review of audit files for half-year and full-year accounts Using financial data to perform analysis that is used to assist in making business decisions including revenue and expenditure trends What you'll need to succeed You'll have at least 3-6 years experience in a role where you have been involved in hands-on preparation of statutory reports for ASX listed entities. This could be either in a direct capacity in a commerce/industry environment or as an accountant in a firm providing an outsourced finance/audit function for their clients. You are confident in a hands-on capacity working in a fast paced and varied role where you will be providing an essential function for a number of exciting and growing companies. You'll be a confident and articulate communicator who can apply critical thinking to their clients' situations and offer relevant and practical commercial advice. CA/CPA completed/commenced is preferred. What you'll get in return You'll get the chance to work with a competent and professional team across fast growing and innovative companies. You'll be mentored by Big 4 trained professionals and get exposure to listed companies across Australia. This is a fantastic opportunity to further develop your professional knowledge and commercial acumen. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Tom Miles on 9604 9517 now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 My client is a leading professional services firm who specialises in providing financial services to Australian SME's. Due to growth and diversification, they currently have an exciting and rewarding opportunity for an experienced business services accountant to join their growing business. The role will be an initial 6 month part-time accountant role with a bona-fide view to permanency afterwards. This role would be ideal for a parent looking to return to the workforce on a part-time basis. Further, they offer flexible working arrangements to cater to their staff's personal needs. Reporting to a Senior Partner, your primary responsibility will be to manage a small portfolio of clients. Providing business services to these clients, your responsibilities will include, but not limited to: analysing company's financial statements and performing some forensic accounting; preparing management reports; preparing statutory accounts and corresponding statutory reports for submission to required bodies; liaising with required bodies such as ASIC, ATO, banks, auditors etc.; perform compliance work; tax planning and advice; cash flow analysis; strategic and business planning; and providing financial advice in relation to other matters. The successful candidate will be CA/CPA qualified and will have previously worked within business services in an accounting firm. With your background, you will be a technically strong accountant who gets a kick out of providing value-add services to your clients. You will be proactive and a strong contributor to the office environment also. Given your dealings with both clients and various government bodies etc., it goes without saying that you will possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills. As mentioned, this is a fantastic role that would be highly suited to someone coming back from paternal leave and looking to re-enter the workforce in a part-time capacity, or alternatively, someone looking to take on a role on a part-time basis. For a confidential discussion, please contact Ash Parsons on 8629 1021, or, alternatively, click the APPLY NOW button below. 
 Company Background Our client is an Australian leader in wholesale and retail energy generation, from the import and distribution for sale of global brands, equipment hire and maintenance, and design and engineering of specific power solutions. Their main operations are focused on Australia's East coast, however recent growth and investments has identified future national sites. After a period of sustained growth, a need has been identified for a strong Company Accountant to bring all of the accounting in-house and manage a growing Finance team.   The Role Reporting to both the Administration Manager and the Business Owners, this role will initially be charged with identifying and streamlining processes as the accounting function is brought in house. As the function is then bedded down, the role will move into a more of a Head of Finance function / Company Accountant where you will: Take ownership and provide support in the day-to-day operation of all key accounting functions including: Balance Sheet &amp; P&amp;L Management AP/AR Statements Sales Analysis &amp; Cash Flow Reporting Orders in Hand Inventory  Asset Management &amp; Depreciation Scheduling Payroll Reporting &amp; Staff Management Business Activity Statements PAYE &amp; Payroll Tax Lodgements Monthly, Quarterly &amp; Yearly Reporting Ensure these functions are accurately and timely recorded and reconciled in the Accounting System in line with current procedures within the deadlines. Responsible for the monthly, quarterly and yearly reporting and period end Balance Sheet reconciliation; treasury processes; and general finance support and ad hoc projects as required. Provide timely financial reports and insights to the management team to allow for prudent business action Staff management of a junior staff member, with scope to grow the team.   Your Background To be considered for the role, you will have had experience within a SME environment where you are comfortable to work at both the transactional level and also assist senior management in business planning and decision making. As the role will also manage at least one junior accountant, managerial experience would also be an advantage. You will also need to be CA / CPA (or equivalent) qualified.   If you are keen to apply for this Company Accountant role, please contact Kent Maxwell at Richard Lloyd on 02 8324 5644, quoting reference 4152 or click on 'apply now' below. Please submit your CV in Word format and note that due to the high volume of responses we receive only suitable candidates will be contacted. 
 The Australian Fusion Group is a one-stop solution for retail marketing and in-store displays. The group consists of a number of specialised companies both local and overseas that are leaders in their respective fields with innovation and forward thinking.  www.fusioncorp.co Due to rapid growth and acquisitions, the group is seeking an Accountant to join the finance and accounting team. The successful applicant will support the Group CFO and work as a key member within the finance and accounting team. Responsibilities will include undertaking full accounts payable and receivable functions for a number of entities within the group, as well as assisting in the preparation of financial reports and administration under the direction of the Group CFO and Group Finance Manager. Ample scope for advancement is available to the right candidate. The following skills and experience are considered mandatory for the role: min 5 years working in a medium to large commercial organisation  thorough understanding of internal controls and reporting requirements  proficient with financial management software and accounting systems. (knowledge of MYOB and XERO essential)  experience preparing financial and statistical reports reporting each month and full reconciliation of bank accounts, credit cards, and expenses  ability to manage and lead a team of administration personnel proficiency with Microsoft Office Software excellent communication and interpersonal skills   highly motivated and 100% committed  high attention to detail  valid drivers license and ability to travel between company offices  To be successful in this role you will: Be accurate and highly methodical Be extremely organised and able to multi-task Be comfortable speaking with all levels of management and staff in an international organisation Have a pro-active outlook and the desire to follow up items and see them through to completion Be IT savvy as numerous systems and software packages are in use To apply for the role, apply through Seek outlining the skills and experience you have in relation to the above points only. Resumes should be attached in Word or PDF format only. 
The Company One of Australia's most successful Technology Corporations, this globally positioned company provides mobility products and solutions for public and private transportation systems. The Role As the field maintenance technician you will be responsible for ensuring the ongoing system maintenance of the road tolling systems. Diagnosis, repair and modification of existing toll equipment which includes both hardware and software components. You will also be required to complete routine maintenance, fault finding and repair, and installation and enhancements. Provide technical service to support and maintain operations of the tolling systems Complete reporting and all documentation associated with maintenance activities Diagnosis, repair and modification of existing equipment which incorporates both hardware and software components Must be able to identify and permanently rectify equipment faults and organise part repairs either in-house or externally Manage KPI's, meet and exceed service level agreements Must be available for 24 hour on-call duties (shared roster)   The candidate Qualified Registered Electrician with a minimum of a restricted electrical licence Previous experience working with computer and hardware repair and fault analysis Competent IT user, Microsoft suite, Windows &amp; general network configuration Strong knowledge of electrical and OHS Standards Able to work at heights Must have a current Australian drivers licence To apply for this role please follow the apply now button or for a confidential discussion please contact me on the number below 
 About the role: Our client is a well-established business based in Sydney's CBD. Due to change in the business they require an Accounts Payable Supervisor who has high expense experience to join their large team and specifically manage high volume credit claims and expenses.  The responsibilities (but not limited) Lead a team of 4 10,000 accounts Process staff expense receipts Liaise with employees on expense queries Full function Accounts payable Ensuring invoices, payments, purchase orders are processed in an accurate and timely manner Matching incoming invoices to their respective purchase orders and scheduling payments  Responding to any queries, via phone and email General administration The successful applicant The successful applicant will have proven experience in a similar position role along with the following skills and experience: High volume expense claims Excellent communication skills verbal and written Strong customer service skills Full function accounts payable experience Experience leading a team Experience with Fraedom or Concur would be highly regarded The ability to liaise with a multitude of stakeholders Excellent attention to detail and time management skills Experience with a Concur an advantage  Additional benefits  On the view to go permanent  Mentorship &amp; career development  Friendly work environment For a confidential discussion, please contact Niall Hoolahan on 02 8¦show number or via email at nhoolahan@¦show email 
 Management Accountant for a 6 month temp to perm opportunity Your new company This fantastic opportunity to work with a heavy industry giant has just arisen for a Management accountant to join the business on a temporary basis for 6 months with the potential for permanency after this period. Your new role General duties will include: performing daily, weekly and monthly accounting functions such as: Inter-company reconciliations, managing charge back models, analysis, posting journals, month end duties and ad hoc reporting. The role will also involve business partnering with third party entities so good communication skills is key. What you'll need to succeed The successful candidate will have experience in working on inter-company transactions and be charter trained. Solid experience in JD Edwards or Oracle is an advantage. What you'll get in return The opportunity to work in a large company, on a fantastic hourly rate with the potential to go permanent. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Application Support Analyst (SMSF) - Permanent position This role is a mix of Accounting and IT- Ideally we are looking for an Accountant who is aware of regulations around SMSF and will have the ability to interact with clients providing phone-based support. You must have interest in providing support to SMSF administrators and accountants on their queries relating to the SMSF software To be considered for this fantastic opportunity, you must have: 1. Professional exposure to accounting, funds administration, SMSF administration or experience supporting accounting software solutions are key requirements. Having Class Super user experience would be great, but is not required. 2. Excellent academic achievement in either accounting or IT degree 3. Excellent communication and SMSF skills 4. If you have good IT skills, that would be a welcome bonus. If this sounds like you, then please 'Apply Now' or contact Meg Geronimo on 9409 4716 or meg.geronimo@peoplebank.com.au for a detailed brief on this opportunity. 
 With over 125 years' experience, Toll Group, proudly part of Japan Post, operates an extensive global logistics network across 1,200 locations in more than 50 countries. Our 40,000 employees provide a diverse range of transport and logistics solutions covering road, air, sea and rail. The Toll Group has been internationally recognised for people leadership and training excellence by the Australian Trucking Association and can offer a career in the transport and logistics industry. A rare opportunity is now available for an experienced and reliable Revenue Controller with an eye for detail and a can do attitude. Reporting directly to the Administration Manager, the successful applicant will have transport industry experience and will be primarily responsible for organising and co-ordinating the administrative function and related activities of Revenue Control within the Branch in line with policies and procedures of Toll. The revenue controller will be a pivotal part of the team by assisting the Brisbane branch to accurately charge freight costs to customers and prevent revenue leakages. In addition, the successful applicant will be responsible for but not limited to: Perform rate audits, miscellaneous invoicing, extra freight charges recovery and freight collect consignments Prepare and distribute revenue reports for management and sales on a daily and weekly basis in an accurate and timely manner Validate accuracy of revenue capture for approx. 2,000 consignments daily by minimising credits and ensuring revenue and connote quality is at an optimum level Daily Revenue Protection System, Weight Scales and Other Processes checks, compliance and processing Liaise with sales team supplying information on customers and rating issues Assist with branch credit requests Ensure that revenue controls are in place and are adhered to throughout the business Monitor revenue personnel ensuring they are trained and competent to achieve their position objectives Ensure adherence to Group Policy and standards and safety Successful applicants will be able to demonstrate the following skills and attributes: Excellent computer literacy skills Demonstrated knowledge of Microsoft Office, with Intermediate or above Excel skills Strong communication skills, both written and verbal Transport/ logistics industry experience in a similar role High numeracy and literacy skills Clear understanding of operational, administrative and financial processes Ability to work autonomously and as part of a team Exceptional service focus and a keen eye for detail Why grow you career at Toll? Safe Working Environment  Excellent Remuneration offer - based on proven skills and abilities Excellent Career Opportunities and opportunities to transfer within the Toll Group Great working Conditions Learning &amp; Development and succession planning  to encourage “ Job For Life Opportunities  Please be aware that only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. Shortlisted candidates will be required to provide evidence of rights to work in Australia. Toll is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we encourage men and women of all ages and Australian Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people to apply. All Positions are subject to medical examination, Police History Checks, functional capacity checks and random drug &amp; alcohol tests.   
 A fantastic opportunity for an experienced FA/CA to join an industry leading business! APPLY NOW Your new company This large group organisation are industry leaders in Engineering and Construction in the Sydney market. Due to large tender wins, they are now looking to expand their corporate financial and analytical team. Your new role A central and instrumental role in planning and forecasting for the coming year, this role will report to the Senior FP&amp;A manager. You will provide key insightful analysis into current business, pipeline business and market knowledge. What you'll need to succeed This role will require a strong financial background and ideally from top 4 background. 2-3 years commercial experience will be highly regarded as you will be required to Business Partner with different departments and present findings to senior management on a regular basis. Exposure to a large ERP system is essential as well as advanced Excel skills. What you'll get in return This role will initially be a 6 month contract with a view to permanency for the right candidate after this period of time. With such a large multinational group organisation, opportunities within the business are plentiful. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' or forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to Edward Jones-Bateman on edward.jones-bateman@hays.com.au, or call us now on 0294118122 If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Fast growing company looking for a Senior Financial Accountant Your new company A fast growing organisation with a strong brand on an international level who seek to grow their business further in the ANZ region and maximise their market share. Your new role You will be responsible for maintaining and developing the production of the financial and management accounts in order to provide strong financial control and insights to the senior stakeholders at a local level. You will partner with the business and conduct ad-hoc analysis with respect to sales, margins and variances against budget. Furthermore, you will manage working capital, cash flow and foreign exchange. You will be provided with the mentorship to develop your experience in the role under the guidance of a high quality manager. What you'll need to succeed You will be a qualified accountant seeking to progress your career. You will demonstrate strong technical skills either developed in a chartered environment or within a listed commercial environment. You will have drive and ambition to push you career as the company grows and back yourself to work in an autonomous manner in order to hit deadlines. What you'll get in return A fantastic opportunity at a great hourly rate, with a fast growing international brand with the potential to go permanent. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Global It company looking for a Financial analyst who is immediately available Your new company This Multi - national IT company are looking for a Financial Analyst to support the team. This company is committed to providing trusted solutions to its customers and prides itself on its excellent reputation in the market. This role is a nine to twelve month contract, available due to maternity leave. Your new role The successful candidate will be: Managing month-end Reviewing and managing Trial Balance mapping Investigating key variances Supporting and leading the team during system integration period Investigating variances What you'll need to succeed To be successful in this role you will: Be CPA/CA qualified Have strong financial accounting experience Have strong communication skills Be experienced in key stakeholder engagement Be proactive and able to work autonomously and well within the wider team Have strong SAP experience What you'll get in return You will be working for a large multi - national company that not only has an excellent reputation but has an fantastic internal company culture. You will be supported in your ideas to drive the business forward. A great opportunity to further your key skills and career opportunities. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Bannisters by the Sea and Bannisters Pavilion is an exciting concept venue in picturesque Mollymook NSW with around 72 rooms, two restaurants and a couple of bars. Just a few hours drive from Sydney and Canberra and a world away from the hustle and stress of city life, we have big plans for the future and are looking to invest in our senior management team for the long term. We now have a vacancy for an exceptional Senior Financial Controller to drive all facets of the business and work very closely alongside the General Manager. This is essentially a 5 day a week job (give or take) where you can go for a surf when you wake up, have coffee (or two) and walk down to work to crunch the numbers and work on this exciting hospitality business. Sounds like a holiday? Of course it's not but this truly is a very rare opportunity for the right person. The Senior Financial Controller will manage all of the financial operations for the two Mollymook properties, all reporting activity and provide leadership and guidance to the rest of the team. In collaboration with the Owner and General Manager, this role will also be responsible for all strategic and tactical advice as it relates to budget and cost management, financial analysis, forecasting needs and cash flow management.  There will be an additional property coming on line later in 2018 on the NSW North Coast which will also come under your control. The Role The successful candidate will be required to; Manage and produce budgets and reports with detailed analysis and insight; Manage cash flow for all parts of the business; Ensure that all regulatory and legislative requirements are met; Manage accounts and payroll; Monitor the daily, weekly and monthly financial performance of each part of the business including food and labour costs; Negotiate contracts with suppliers to obtain the best possible trading terms; Monitor individual staff and team KPIs; Lead the team around financial goals and strategies. The Candidate The successful candidate will need to demonstrate; Significant commercial experience with an in-depth understanding in commercial and financial operations, accounting systems and taxation, preferably in a hospitality based environment; Demonstrated expertise in developing, financing and growing a business; Hospitality management experience would be an advantage; Tertiary qualifications in accounting/commerce or a similar relevant discipline. CPA Qualifications will be very highly regarded.   A very attractive package including strong additional incentives is available for the right candidate. Please only apply if you have Australian working rights. 
 Large and innovative business looking for a Senior Financial Accountant to act as the 2IC to the Finance Manager. Supervise two accountants and act as the main point of contact for the external audit process. Client Details Our client is one of the largest privately owned business within their industry. They have had double digit sales growth for 5 consecutive years and have been able to make 3 significant acquisitions of other businesses. With this growth has come the need for a technical strong finance professional to join the team as a 2IC to the Finance Manager. Description Your role will require you to; Prepare and consolidate monthly forecast for division Provide support to management/departments for the preparation of budget Manager two junior finance staff Supervise external audit process Consolidation of divisional budget Consolidation of key projects / capital expenditure actual &amp; forecast results Ensure the timely and accurate preparation and consolidation of all monthly, quarterly and year end close deliverables Profile You will be a technically strong Accountant who is ready to take on staff management on route to becoming a future head of finance. You will enjoy supporting both finance and non-finance stakeholders. Job Offer Competitive compensation package Onsite parking Opportunity to partner with senior stakeholders To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Jake Densley on +61 3 9607 5629 
 About the business Ortho Clinical Diagnostics (Ortho) is a global leader of in vitro diagnostics. Ortho serves two primary industries in the medical field: clinical laboratories, by producing platforms and assays that test for a variety of diseases, conditions, and substances; and immunohematology, by providing the means to ensure blood transfusion recipients receive appropriate and compatible blood. Our purpose is simple: to improve and save lives with diagnostics. We do that by reimagining what's possible. It's what defines us. It's the Ortho difference. With a history of more than 75 years, Ortho is a pioneer in life-impacting advances in diagnostics. Worldwide across hospitals, hospital networks, blood banks and labs, Ortho's high-quality products and services enable health care professionals to make better-informed treatment decisions. Headquartered in Raritan, NJ, Ortho Clinical Diagnostics has approximately 4,300 employees serving customers in more than 120 countries. About the role An exciting opportunity to work across Australia and New Zealand has become available for a Finance Analyst Candidate reporting directly to the Finance Manager/Leader within the local Finance Team. This permanent full-time role will provide you with the opportunity to broaden your skill set in Business Finance by supporting Commercial along with still being involved in Management and Financial Accounting. Key responsibilities will include: Preparing various monthly and quarterly reporting and submissions to corporate. Assisting in budgeting/forecasting process by developing Excel based models. Liaising with stakeholders to develop and compile annual budget and related updates. Responsible for accuracy and integrity of financial results through high quality analysis and liaising with Accounting Manager or the shared service team Managing AR “ customer calls and maintain overdue balance to the minimum Liaising with and preparing sales commentary on a monthly basis. Preparing monthly P&amp;L variance analysis with commentary on monthly basis for a review with finance leadership. Partnering with the wider business to make informed business decisions while ensuring accurate presentation of information and data Responding to ad-hoc requests and analytical support to business partners as required. Assisting Accounting Manager with Cash Flow forecasting, capex and fixed asset processing. Oversight of indirect PTP process and allocation of shared service postings. Supporting statutory reporting and related compliance as required. Responsible for development of various reports, dashboards and models. Creating ad hoc Excel models and files as per business requirements. Ad-hoc responsibilities may include: Back-up month end activities for the Franchise including review  of Journals and reconciliations, accruals, intercompany charges, Headcount and Capex review Responsible for following SOX processes and maintaining monthly files including preparing and reviewing various reports Skills and experience The successful candidate will demonstrate the following: CA/CPA qualifications, or at least part-qualified Advanced Microsoft Excel skills including application of various excel functions, formulas Previous experience in manipulating large volumes of data in excel with strong attention to detail Demonstrated action orientation and initiative with analytical and innovative thinking Confidence to operate independently with minimal supervision Experience with SAP and BPC will be advantageous In order to be considered for this position, you must have at least 4 years of total accounting experience with some relevant budgeting/forecasting and management reporting experience. Exposure to most key responsibilities will be considered advantageous. In order for you to be considered for this role this position you may need to undergo a pre-employment medical assessment  and have a clear police check. If this sounds like the ideal role for you, please apply. Equal Opportunity At Ortho Clinical Diagnostics, we are proud of the empowering, inclusive and innovative culture we are growing. Our team is passionate about our work, and brings deep knowledge, industry experience and diverse thinking that drive results, making Ortho a place to grow your career. Ortho Clinical Diagnostics is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law.   
 At National Hearing Care we only employ the most talented and passionate individuals. We're proud to say that our team is made up of an incredibly diverse range of people. Each has their own skills, their own strengths and their own distinct personalities “ and every single one of them contributes to the day-to-day success of National Hearing Care in their own important way. National Hearing Care is Australia's largest independent hearing services provider with over 250 clinics nationally. We are part of the Amplifon group, the world leader in the field of hearing rehabilitation. A new and exciting opportunity exists for an Accounts Payable Officer to join our finance team located in Mulgrave on a full time basis. The Role: Data entry of approved supplier invoices including 3-way match of PO, Invoice and Delivery note Processing of cheques and EFT payments (through online NAB profile) Reconciliation for key balance sheet and income statement accounts that relate to Accounts Payable Reconciliation of supplier statements to the GL account Analysis of income statement accounts (summary showing GL transactions and verifying significant transactions) What our successful candidate looks like: 3 year's experience in a high volume environment is a must Excellent Microsoft Excel experience, at an intermediate level. You must be able to do Vlookup's and Pivot Tables Tertiary qualifications in Finance and JD Edwards experience would be a distinct advantage Someone who is a team player but is also able to work autonomously Excellent communication and time management skills Strong problem solving and analytical skills Strong personnel management skills Fiercely deadline driven in a fast paced environment What you will get in return:       A supportive environment, and ongoing learning and support Fun events like BBQ's, Morning Tea, Footy tipping, Easter egg hunting A company committed to growth and continuous learning We are proud to demonstrate our values in everything we do - customer devotion, forward thinking, everyday excellence, acting responsibly, and personal impact. We are a driven team focused on continuous improvement so come and join us if you're ready for the challenge! We are eager to get the right person in the role “ Applications close Sunday, 22 May 2018 
 Our client who operates in the Healthcare industry is looking for a payroll officer to join their team. This role is based in Dandenong and you finish at 3pm every friday. Reporting to the National Payroll Manager, you will be processing the pay for over 20 organisations and your duties will include but not be limited to: Processing of pay in a timely and accurate manner Interpreting various Awards and ensuring all pays are processed accurately Processing manual timesheet system and ensuring accuracy at all times Maintaining accurate employee records for all staff members Answer various payroll related enquiries from staff members Perform other ad hoc admin tasks as required. To be successfully considered for this role, you MUST have the following: Medium payroll experience Experience interpreting various Awards Strong attention to detail Strong communication skills Must have experience in Volume processing Must be comfortable answering payroll queries Must be experience in high volume data entry Have intermediate to advanced skills in Microsoft suite especially excel You will ideally have at least 2-3 years' experience in a similar role or a payroll position and preferably in the Health industry and will be able to work well under pressure and as part of a team. In return you will enjoy a secure opportunity within a business that will offer a role long term. If you are interested in this role please apply now with a cover letter or for a confidential discussion please call Veronique on 03 9535 9500. ONLY SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATES WILL BE CONTACTED 
The Company   A market leader in their field, our client is an instantly recognisable brand with their head office based in the CBD.  Due to steady growth they have a newly created position for a financial analyst to join them on a permanent basis.  This manufacturing company have experienced steady growth through there international brand.  The company is going through a substantial growth period and this role will be instrumental in providing financial analysis to help drive the company forward.  This is a fantastic opportunity to join a well-known, international brand and utilise your background of financial analysis.   The Position As the Financial Analyst, you will be reporting to the CFO and will be primarily responsible for providing impact analysis on company strategies and supporting the sales team in achieving long term sustainable profit and revenue growth.  Further duties will include:   Actively participate in the budgeting and forecasting process Build and maintain Excel models Compilation and review of budgets using actual performance, previous budget figures, estimated revenue, and expense reports Deliver strategy and planning advice Monthly / routine business information analysis and reporting Customer and trend analysis Provide support for routine and ad-hoc data analysis and supporting various project work Assisting with process improvements Developing partnerships with the Sales team to gain a true understanding of the business The Requirements We are searching for a qualified Accounting professional with (or studying towards) CA / CPA accreditation preferably coupled with a background in Manufacturing.   Strong communication skills are essential for you to be successful in this role due to the partnering nature of this position. Strong financial modelling skills are essential to be considered for this role. Experience with ERP systems, ideally SAP will be highly regarded. What's on Offer   Permanent role Central CBD location, close to public transport   Genuine opportunity to add value Great salary package You will be joining a supportive high performing team environment   If you have the skills this role requires APPLY NOW alternatively if you would like to discuss your suitability for this position, contact Claire Nagle at people2people on 07 3118 0125 / 042 365 865 for a confidential discussion.    To apply for this role please follow the apply now button or for a confidential discussion please contact me on the number below 
 The Organisation Airservices is a government owned organisation providing safe, secure, efficient and environmentally responsible services to the aviation industry. Each year we manage over four million aircraft movements carrying more than 156 million passengers, and provide air navigation services across 11 per cent of the world's airspace. Airservices has two major operating centres in Melbourne and Brisbane and a corporate office in Canberra. We operate 29 air traffic control towers at international and regional airports, and provide aviation rescue firefighting services at 26 Australian airports. The Roles Airservices is seeking talented people with a variety of skills and experience who are interested in various roles across the organisation.  Roles may vary but are requiring a common set of skills in finance and accounting and are looking to be filled for current and upcoming vacancies, or on a talent pool basis.   Opportunities are available for experienced candidates and those seeking to develop, broaden and further their skills in the following roles: Financial Accounting Management Accounting Asset Accounting Project Accounting Enterprise Portfolio/Program/Project Governance Reporting and Analysis The Person We are looking for a highly motivated, independent people who establish, develop and maintain strong working relationships with internal stakeholders whilst having a strong customer service approach. To be successful in the role you should have an understanding of accounting principles and standards, a commercial mind-set and be proficient in the use of technologies.   Skills and Experience Minimum four years financial, accounting, project and/or reporting experience. Membership, or a willingness to progress towards, a recognised professional body. An ability to deliver accurate and timely financial information that supports management decision making. Communicate financial information to people with a non-financial background, including strong report writing and verbal communication skills. Team player who supports the development of a cohesive working environment. Previous experience with MS Excel, SAP, TM1, Project Server or other systems. How to Apply To apply for this expression of interest please lodge an application online via the apply link attaching your resume and a cover letter outlining your skills and experience and how they relate to this role. Should you require any further information please contact David Chapple on (02) 6268 4886 or david.chapple@airservicesaustralia.com Applications close 11.55pm (AEST) Sunday 29th April 2017. Please refer to the security check requirements successful applicants will be required to undertake as part of the recruitment process. Airservices is a government owned corporation providing the aviation industry with services such as air traffic control, navigation facilities and aviation rescue and fire fighting. Airservices values social and cultural diversity and is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunity and the provision of a safe and healthy work environment. In the interests of safety, we test for alcohol and other drugs. 
 YOUR NEW COMPANY National Mid-Tier Advisory Firm Excellent Salary Ongoing Training Harbour Views Your new company has clients that include high net worth individuals, start-ups, and large established businesses. They have gone from strength to strength and are continuously adding staff and services to keep with strong client demand.  They reside in fantastic new premises with stunning views and close to public transport. They have excellent staff retention because they always look after their staff. They do this by offering excellent salaries, leading training and support as well as offering a friendly positive, yet highly professional work environment that promotes personal &amp; professional growth.  YOUR FUTURE OPPORTUNITY  Due to ongoing growth, they are looking to add key staff members to the business. As part of the Business Services team, you will work as a trusted advisor, helping their clients to grow their businesses &amp; maximise returns.     YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Minimum 4 years tax experience in a professional practice environment within Australia Bachelor of Business or Commerce degree or equivalent CA or CPA Qualified or near completion Ambitious &amp; hard working Strong written and verbal communication skills Please click on the link to apply now, or contact Simon on 0414 243 111 for more information on this exciting new opportunity!     Please note Piper Fitzgerald is always on the lookout for experienced accountants with strong professional practice experience and have numerous outstanding opportunities from intermediate accountant to senior manager level. 
 Finance Officer Melbourne CBD Your new company Our client is a leader in there market specializing in Quantity Surveying. Due to an opening in the team, they are now looking to hire a full time finance officer on a permanent basis. They are located in the heart of Melbourne CBD and a stone throw away from all major retail shops. Your new role You will be part of a team of 5 and reporting into the CFO. This role will be predominantly Accounts Payable but you will also be doing but not limited to: The Accounts Payable Function including sorting supplier invoices, tabulating and coding information and inputting into the accounts system (Dynamics AX) in an accurate and timely fashion Maintaining Supplier Data Base Reconciling supplier statements and dealing with supplier queries. Inter-company accounting and reconciliation Client payment receipting and reconciliation Credit card reconciliation Virtual card reconciliation Monthly Invoices Sub-contractor invoices Table Legal &amp; Accounting Invoices (also requires scanning and filing of legal invoices) Training &amp; Membership Invoices (also requires scanning and filing of invoices) What you'll need to succeed You will have a proven track record doing a similar role and will have extensive use of Micro Dynamics AX or a similar large ERP system. You will be adaptable, always up for a challenge and have fantastic communication skills. Please be advised candidates who do not have permanent residency in Australia will not be considered for this role. You must also be IMMEDIATELY AVAILABLE What you'll get in return You will be supported by a and experienced team helping drive a high performance culture, and be rewarded with a competitive salary and strong career growth. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or contact Michael McGhee @ michael.mcghee@¦show email 
 * Paying up to $60 per hour, plus super * Flexible work environment  * Payroll Analyst - MUST have experience using CHRIS 21 This organisation is looking for someone to review and improve their payroll function. They are currently using CHRIS21 so the ideal candidate MUST have CHRIS21 experience.      The role: Review the payroll function for the organisation System review of processes and policies Run payroll for 400 staff (when required) Rectifying payroll discrepancies and create action plans to correct any ongoing issues Ensure that the payroll function is running smoothly and any risks are mitigated.    The ideal candidate: Will have previous experience of using CHRIS21 Has extensive experience of running Payroll  Prior experience with system improvement  We are looking for this position to start as soon as possible! If you're interested please click Apply, and for more information please contact Claire Lording from Beaumont People on 02 9279 2777 
 DESCRIPTION Contino is a driving force in the future of DevOps, Cloud and Container based consultancy services. We've been working long and hard in helping house-hold names in enterprise and technology streamline their processes, reducing cost and increasing efficiency; essentially creating an ultimate technology environment. We're also one of a handful of leading Hashicorp, Docker and AWS Advanced partners. Contino UK set up an Australian legal entity in July 2017 called Contino Pty Ltd. The idea is to grow the Devops Consultancy business model in the Asia Pacific region. The Melbourne office has an exciting opportunity to recruit for a fully qualified Management Accountant, reporting to the SVP of Finance in London. REQUIREMENTS Preparing Management Accounts Preparing Statutory Accounts Preparing Year End Audit File Ensure timely and accurate Invoicing, revenue recognition, analysis and reconciliations of projects Ensure WIP, Timesheets and Expenses are properly recorded in a timely manner Assist in the Budget and Forecasting process Cashflow Forecasting, PAYG, GST, Corporation Tax, and Payroll Accounts Payable, Supplier payment runs and Credit Control Balance Sheet Reconciliations and P&amp;L Variance Analysis to Budget and Forecast Knowledge of Xero Accounting system would be desirable Ad Hoc projects The ideal candidate will have a minimum of 2 years post qualified experience, and be a Chartered Accountant. Ideally the candidate should have a strong Professional Services industry background. Must have strong working knowledge of Billing for Time and Expenses, WIP valuations, Project Accounting, Calculating Bad AR Provisions, % Utilisation of Consultants. Will have excellent Excel Knowledge ie Vlookups, Nested IF, AND, OR statements, INDEX, MATCH, ADDRESS, Pivot Tables, SUMIFS, and Graphs Must be a strong communicator, and be able to explain financial information to all business stakeholders A team player who strives for excellence, possesses attention to detail, accuracy and meets deadlines. BENEFITS Fast growing start-up organisation with huge opportunity for personal development Competitive salary and bonus! WeWorks Office in the heart of the CBD, with bottomless coffee and beer on tap and a number of social events to be a part of. Financially backed business meaning security and support for new initiatives and global market expansion 
The Company Based on the eastern fringe of the CBD our client is a well established, highly regarded and strong performing organisation in the automotive retail sector. Market leaders in a number of market segments, they continue to grow both organically and through acquisition. They place strong emphasis on the development of their staff and maintaining a positive and sustainable business culture. The Role Reporting directly to a Senior Financial Accountant and working closely with the Financial Controller, this is an exciting opportunity to transfer your skills developed whilst working in a business services role and apply them in an industry based position. You will also substantially develop both your Financial and Management Accounting skills: Assist with the budgeting ad forecasting process. Assist with the Preparation of monthly cash flow forecasts. Prepare and review of balance sheet and GL reconciliations Preparation and submission of FBT, BAS and Income Tax return Monthly GST returns. Group consolidations. Identifying areas for process improvement.  The  Successful candidate With a relevant business degree, you will ideally be CA / CPA qualified. You will have 3 - 4 years experience working in a Business Services role within either a Big 4 or mid-tier firm. You will be excited by the prospect of further developing your skills and will have a long-term career focus. You will have strong written and verbal communication skills and will be capable of building strong working relationships with a variety of stakeholders across the business. Strong Excel and systems skills will give you the best possible chance of success in this role. Please call Cameron Walker on 9832 0628 to discuss this role in more detail or apply as soon as possible. 
 Progressive high-quality suburban practice Take charge of the workflow Managing staff on and off-shore   The Firm Well-established practice that has recently taken on a new partner and is continuing to change and evolve. The firm has an impressive portfolio of clients and has been an early adapter to a paperless environment and the cloud. The firm has a stable work force that includes both on-shore and off-shore staff. As the practice continues to grow the partners need at technically strong a manager to assist them in servicing the clients.   The Role Reporting to of the partners you will act as a buffer between them and the accountants. You will directly manage the workflow of 5 accountants in the office and 2 to 4 staff based overseas. Your duties will include: Producing high-level compliance and advisory work review work of a subordinate accounting team manage the work flow by apportioning work to both onshore and offshore teams   You Being a fully qualified CA/CPA you will pride yourself on your technical knowledge and your ability to ensure that work is completed, reviewed by partners and is out the door in a timely fashion. Having worked on complex related tax matters you will be confident in collaborating with the partners and explaining these issues directly to clients.   Benefits A firm that actually focuses on staff engagement and involvement. This includes: Open plan offices Full disclosure of individual and firm performance to all staff Quality business clients not individuals and micro businesses Investment by the partners in premises systems and staff   Apply Now or call  Andrew McNamara CPA (07) 3009 6409dl 0407 035 808 andrew@mwrecruitment.com.au   
 As a Senior Security Architect your core mission will be to drive direction of security architecture and corresponding standards into the company's projects. You will shape the security requirements, controls, and standards of the projects. You will also identify, communicate, and help treat security risks in alignment with the risk appetite. Key Responsibilities: Collaborate with business stakeholders, engineers and enterprise architects. Ensure compliance with security policies and standards. Define security aspects of solution architects and document their impacts. Identify and effectively communicate security risks to stakeholders. Input into the creation of governance and security strategy. Key Requirements: Extensive experience in providing complex security solutions. Experience in solving Enterprise scale security problems. Security/Risk Management: CRISC, CISSP, CISM, SABSA Experience in designing secure cloud-based solutions. Networking: CCNP, CCIP, CCIE. Cloud: CCSP AWS MCSD. To apply please click apply or call Todd Graham on 03 8628 2115 for a confidential discussion. 
 The Compliance team are looking for a Compliance Administrator to join the their team. The Compliance Administrator is a group-wide function based at Woolworths' Headquarters at Bella Vista (Sydney's Northwest) which will assist the Group Compliance team‹ in meeting ‹compliance deliverables. The Compliance Administrator responsibilities and tasks for the position include, but are not limited to: Assist with driving and implementing improvement initiatives relating to mandatory compliance online learning, ‹ including compliance ‹reporting, content development, training completion rates, and instructional design. Assist with driving and implementing initiatives relating to Woolworth's Group Compliance Framework ‹including implementation of operational compliance plans identifying key compliance obligations and controls, ‹and assessment and reporting of progress against those plans Knowledge &amp; Experience Qualification in a legal or compliance domain Knowledge of key regulatory requirements and governance frameworks ‹applicable in a‹ retail / consumer goods‹ business‹ 3 plus years  in a compliance-related role, preferably in a large complex organisation Learning &amp; Development experience will be looked upon favourably Stakeholder engagement skills Data analysis experience Ability to work from Bella Vista location What we offer A career with Woolworths will both challenge and reward you, providing growth opportunities and the prospects to advance your career. You will have exposure to highly skilled people and access to a host of staff benefits including: Attractive Remuneration Package Added Benefits - Including staff discount, free parking, corporate healthcare options Training and Education - We pride ourselves in helping you realise your potential. An exciting career - As our business grows, so do the opportunities for our people Flexibility and Autonomy Sound like your next opportunity? Apply now or head along to www.wowcareers.com.au to discover more!   
 Senior Accountant position specialising in SMSFs Your new company This well established and highly successful financial planning firm specialise in providing advice to high networth clients in a very niche sector. Due to growth they are looking to recruit for a full-time or part-time Senior Accountant who will specialise in SMSFs Your new role Preparation of 150+ SMSF accounts Preparation of financial statements and tax returns Ensuring all funds meet legislation and compliance standards Liaising with clients throughout the financial year Maintain and build on client relationships What you'll need to succeed CA or CPA qualified 7+ years experience in tax accounting 2+ years experience dealing with 100+ SMSF Strong communication and interpersonal skills What you'll get in return Exceptional benefits include a basic salary of $120,000, flexible working hours and free parking What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV or e-mail it through to hannah.squirrell@hays.com.au If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact Hannah Squirrell on 93225198 for a confidential discussion on your career. 
Company UK listed business looking to further establish a strong presence in Australia. This successful business already has a strong relationship with ASX listed companies and a clear and well defined strategy.   Position This is an exciting opportunity to join a growing UK listed company in a brand new Interim FD/ CFO role responsible for managing the finance function across Australia and NZ.  You will report to a local MD and a UK Group CFO and take responsibility for recruiting, setting up and managing the finance function and support the MD in decision making with timely relevant information.  This role will be hands on initially, you will have full accountability for the technical finance, commercial and strategic direction of the company. Profile You will be a qualified CA or CPA with significant and indepth experience in FMCG, Retail or Manufacturing sectors at a similar level. You will have strong commercial acumen, an engaging leadership style, a strong focus on rigour and processes and be able to drive outcomes and provide solutions.    You must be a resilient, &quot;hands on&quot;, individual keen who is able to see the bigger picture. The role requires a true &quot;business partner&quot;.  You must be an innovative strong communicator able to lead and drive change and have sound technical knowledge across cash management, treasury, financial planning and budgeting and forecasting. You must be self motivated and able to work independently with a high degree of integrity.    Benefits Interim role that could lead to permanent.  Salary $250,000-280,000 per annum + super. Can start with very short notice.   Apply To find out more please call Emma Walsh or Karen Ryan on +612 9262 4836 or apply at www.moirgroup.com.au. To be alerted when we advertise a new job please set up a &quot;job alert&quot; by visiting us at our website www.moirgroup.com.au 
 Looking for an immediately available, motivated commerical analyst Your new company Operating globally this organisation has shown impressive growth both organically and through mergers and strategic initiatives. Currently they have an opportunity for a driven and ambitious Senior Commercial Analyst to join their commercial team. Your new role Your role will be varied and will include analysis and reporting on revenue and gross margin, putting together business cases for analysis of new products and special pricing, analysis of group and channel profitability, and also reporting on target ratios of revenue versus commissions. In this position you will be liaising with senior management, providing commentary and having a real impact on the decision making process. The ability to engage senior staff will be essential. What you'll need to succeed Candidates will ideally have commercial experience and have worked with a large ERP system. You will be a self starter with strong analytical skills and previous financial modelling experience business partnering with sales and marketing department. What you'll get in return This is a fantastic opportunity to join an internationally recognised market leader who encourage the promotion of top talent across their international network What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Immediately Available Commercial Analyst Your new company A global FMCG/Retail business that is a leader in their market, providing a range of products to customers. You will have the opportunity to work within a high performing business and contribute to their already greatly successful business. Your new role You will be responsible for the preparation of Investment appraisals for real estate as well as compiling and presenting background non-financial information to support business cases. Another major part of your role will be preparation/modelling of local feasibilities for CAPEX investment/lease commitments. You will also be required to provide advice on negative impacts to the business and design rectification strategies. There will also be a lot of work supporting the business by undertaking monthly P&amp;L closing (as well as being responsible for reconciliation of Rent and Property costs) alongside supporting business re-forecasting and budgeting process form all property OPEX and CAPEX. What you'll need to succeed You will be CA/CPA/CIMA/ACCA qualified with strong commercial finance experience in FMCG/Property/Retail sectors being preferred. You will also have strong analytical capability which results in being able to proactively identify trends, issues and opportunities which in turn you will translate into insightful recommendations. You will be an efficient and organised worker with the ability to effectively manage your workload and prioritise work accordingly. This role will require you to work both independently and also collaboratively with varying levels of colleagues, you must be able to communicate well and be interactive within the work environment. What you'll get in return The opportunity to work with a faced paced, exciting environment that recognises good performance and consequently offers continuous room for development. You will be joining a successful business in addition to a dynamic, engaging team. This is an ongoing contract which will be working on a 2 year project month fixed term contract role which may have longer or permanent opportunities for the successful candidate with the right attitude and skills. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Finance Officer - Temp to Perm - Mt Gravatt Your new company Hays are currently recruiting for a well-established company based in Mt Gravatt. This company prides themselves on customer service and customer satisfaction. Your new role Offering premium support to the Finance Manager, you'll be responsible for the following duties. Duties will include: Managing budgets Complex reconciliations across numerous bank accounts, credit cards and general ledger Accounts Payable Accounts Receivable Assisting with EOM Payroll administration BAS Invoicing What you'll need to succeed You'll have previous experience working within a team environment and you'll also be experienced with; Excellent communication Experienced in using Xero would be highly desirable A thorough understanding of accounting principles Advanced Excel Skills (Pivot Tables, V-Look Ups) You must be available to start ASAP What you'll get in return This is a rewarding opportunity and the successful candidate may be presented with a permanent opportunity based on performance What you need to do now At Hays, we value diversity and are passionate about placing people in a role where they can flourish and succeed. We actively support people from a diverse background to apply. If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV 
 The Role This role is a wonderful opportunity for a dynamic person wishing to make their mark.  The successful candidate will need to be hands-on &amp; work as a member of the team.  Duties &amp; responsibilities of the role will be: Bank reconciliation Month end accruals Cash flow management Asset register and depreciation Statutory reporting Weekly Management reports Prepare &amp; lodge Business Activity Statements The Successful Candidate To be considered for the role you will need to have relevant tertiary qualifications and/or practical experience in an accounting role.   The successful candidate will have strong communication skills (both written and verbal) and the ability to build effective relationships with internal and external stakeholders, handling enquiries to resolution. In addition, you will need to demonstrate problem solving capabilities as well as the ability to effectively manage workloads with competing demands. You will need to be 'hands-on' as this role requires strong practical abilities to review, communicate, prepare and plan to successfully execute all accounting and administrative tasks required. If this sounds like you we would love to hear from you. All enquiries will be treated strictly confidential 
We are looking for experienced Administrators and Accounts professionals to join this established Geelong based company and be a part of their success story. The role is a diverse role covering a range of duties, including accounts payable and receivables, administration, customer service, sales and ad hoc projects and responsibilities as required by the business. You will be a pro-active and dedicated individual who enjoys being part of a team and driving activity. You will enjoy having a busy workload and have the skills to prioritise and deliver to deadlines. You will enjoy working in an energetic and sales driven environment and have a can-do and supportive approach to helping out your fellow team members. This role would be a great opportunity of someone to add value and be an important part of the organisation offering contact with all major departments, visibility and access to senior management team and career progression. Essential skills include ·      Strong stakeholder management ·      Ability to manage a busy workload ·      Ability to prioritise to meet deadlines ·      Strong systems skills and knowledge of Account software ·      Proficient user of Microsoft Office specifically Excel ·      Administration and customer service experience ·      Accounts Payable and Receivable experience If this sounds like you, apply now and learn more about this fantastic opportunity.  
 Permanent Role $55,000 plus Super On-site (free) Parking provided Based at Corporate Head Office and reporting to the Credit Supervisor, you will be responsible to work within a close knit team to provide full function Credit Management and Accounts Receivables of this high transaction business. Your current experience will include collections, both via phone and email, reconciliations, allocations, credit applications and reporting with analytical capabilities. Having at least 2-3 year Credit/AR experience, your exceptional communication skills will ensure you develop strong working relations with clients and internal stakeholders. Your effective problem solving and advanced Excel skills will enable you analytical and reporting skills to shine. This opportunity would suit an individual at the beginning of their career with at least a couple of years in a similar role seeking opportunity to build on their career. Experience is essential though. Please submit your application as soon as possible as we are seeking to fulfil these opportunities as soon as possible.   
The Organisation Our client is a market leading services organisation based in North Melbourne. Additionally, our client encourages a healthy work life balance for their employees, and provides other outstanding employee benefits to their staff.     Position Description  Reporting directly into the Payroll Manager, your duties will include: Payroll processing including pay adjustments, leave forms Prepare and reconcile fortnightly payroll Processing of annual, long service and personal leave Processing new starters, terminations and payroll adjustments Proving accurate information in response to employee queries Preparation of end of month payroll reporting Other duties as requested from the Payroll Manager Candidate Profile The successful applicant will have proven experience in a similar Payroll Officer role as well as the following attributes: Ability to hit the ground running Payglobal experience strongly desired Strong attention to detail Intermediate to advanced excel skills Excellent time management skills What's on Offer Outstanding organisation Brilliant employee perks Experienced and supportive management team To discuss further, please contact Daniel Close on (03) 9616 2617 or dclose@sharpandcarter.com.au 
 Your new company This department provides specialised expert advice to Government. A rare opportunity has presented itself to work in a interesting workplace environment and advance your career. Your new role We are seeking the services of an experienced Government Financial Accountant to fill a vacant role. We are looking for a motivated individual with experience preparing and managing monthly &amp; year end statements and someone who has a practical understanding of the overall Commonwealth legislative and financial management framework. What you'll need to succeed The sucessfull candidate will have proven experience and be able to demonstrate tasks inclusive of, but not limited to the following; Preparation and maintenance of financial statements Finalising ledgers and ledger reconciliations EOM Reporting Provide assistance with the preparation of budget and monthly management reports Your sound communication skills coupled with strong interpersonal skills will provide you with an advantage in being considered for this role. What you'll get in return This is a 3-6 month contract offering a competitive hourly rate. There is the opportunity for extension into a long term non-ongoing position. Joining a complex department this rare and exciting opportunity will boost your Public Sector career. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Jessica Kiah on (02) 6257 6344 now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are keen on exploring a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Progress you career in Canberra as part of a boutique accounting firm. Client Details A boutique charted accounting firm in a prominent inner city suburb of Canberra are looking to expand their team. A rare opportunity to join a firm where you can work autonomously alongside the senior leadership team as part of a dynamic working environment. Description Reporting to and working alongside the managers and partners you will be responsible for your own work-flow and provision of business, accounting and taxation services to clients for the firm. Your duties will also include; Expand on internal and external networks to effectively help identify business opportunities Provide extremely high quality reporting during planning, implementation and finalising stages of project Research and prepare accurate advices to clients on a variety of compliance and planning issues, including ability to write clearly, succinctly and correctly Deliver exceptional service to clients and meet key work by strict deadlines. As the Senior Accountant you will mentor and review junior and graduate accountants work to ensure the continued prosperity and growth of the firm. Profile You will have excellent and verbal communication skills and be able to produce clear and concise reports. Resilience is key to this position, and to be successful you will be able to deal with the stress and pressures of the job whilst maintaining strong relationships with other team members and adapting to changing situations. You will also have tertiary qualifications within Accounting or Finance as well as be CA/CPA qualified. Job Offer A clear path for career progression Clear mentorship from the senior leadership team Competitive Salary 
 Amazing opportunity for a permanent credit officer in the western suburbs! Your new company An exciting permanent job opportunity exists to work as a Credit Controller within a renowned global company based in western Sydney. With a network of offices all Australia this corporation is the global leader in safety and security. Your new role Reporting into the national credit Controller you will manage a large group of accounts including cooperate customers on a national basis. Key responsibilities and accountabilities will include Reconciliation of accounts, collection of due &amp; outstanding debts, daily release of orders on hold and credit risk. Working within a structured environment the ideal candidate will have the desire to improve processes and procedures in a structured manner What you'll need to succeed Previous experience working within a full function, stand-alone Credit Control position will be key to your success. You will have proven ability to meet deadlines and immaculate attention to detail. In addition, you will require exceptional communication skills, the ability to multi-task and be adaptable. What you'll get in return To be successful you will need to have Pronto experience whilst being efficient, capable and use your initiative to achieve collection results. It is essential to have both collection experience and experience in commercial credit along with excellent communication skills. Working within a friendly, professional and tactful environment makes this role and organisation highly desirable What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' or a for a confidential discussion about your career please call Sophie Cronin at Hays on +61 (2) 88601614. 
 We are a rapidly expanding bookkeeping company.   We are looking to expand our team and seeking to take on a bookkeeper on a full time basis.   The person we are looking for ideally will have: - an accounting degree - minimal accounting experience of 2 years in public practice or finance manager role. - can drive and have a car - excellent communication skills - have experience on BAS, IAS, payroll tax, superannuation and reconciliations. - have experience in end of year reporting, cashflow, budget variance analysis. - have experience in payment processing. - have experience in payroll. - NetSuite experience preferred. - have experience in XERO, MYOB, Quickbooks and other software - be available to work during peak periods such as July, during BAS time and End of Financial Year. - Netsuite experience preferred but not essential.    You will need to be able to visit clients on site. You must be an Australian Citizen or Permanent Resident to apply.    Please be aware we don't take calls regarding the application and we will only contact short listed candidates.   Thank you in advance for your application. 
Rare chance to join a Large Team as an Accounts Payable Manager, on a fixed term contract basis. System implementation experience is essential and you must have experience of successful project delivery and team management experience. The company: Your new employer is instantly recognized across the country as a popular provider of services. They have forged an impeccable reputation in a competitive market through delivering the highest standards of knowledge and service possible. The role: We are recruiting for an interim Accounts Payable Manager to take over the team run the implementation project of a scanning solution. The contract is expected to run for 6 months, although that could change depending on the implementation itself. Overseeing a team of 5 split you will take responsibility for the following duties: Ensure all suppliers are paid in accordance with company terms Ensure all staff expenses and corporate cards are reimbursed/ paid accordingly Build strong working relationships with relevant stakeholders/ Finance partners Coach, manage and mentor existing team Contribute to continuous process improvements Implement a new scanning solution The candidate: To be successful in this role, you will need to display the following skills and experience: Experience of running an Accounts Payable team A history of successful scanning system implementations  End to end Accounts Payable experience Experience in expense &amp; credit card payment software Impeccable written and verbal communication skills A flexible and positive approach to your work and career The ability to see beyond a problem and find solutions  There is the convenience on free on site parking on site and depending on your experience, a salary between $100,000 - $120,000 is on offer.  If you are available to take on a long term contract such as this and you have the technical experience outlined above I am keen to hear from you. To apply please use the links below and if you have any further questions please contact Ben Shapiro at  ben@appreciatingtalent.com.au 
 The Company Robert Half is currently recruiting for an end to end payroll officer to join a team based in the Inner Suburbs with immediate effect. This is a great opportunity to join a fast paced and supportive environment whilst working for a great cause. The role is for a 12-month contract and is a great opportunity for someone looking to join a reputable Not for Profit organisation and take on a high-volume payroll function. The Role Reporting to the Payroll Manager, your duties will include: End to end payroll for a large number of employees Weekly and Fortnightly pay runs Processing termination calculations Processing new starters EBA and award interpretation Your Profile To be successful, you will have had experience in a similar end to end role and be able to hit the ground running in a fast-paced environment. You must have experience in termination calculations and exposure to EBA and award interpretation. You will have high attention to detail and excellent communication skills. Previous experience using TechOne is essential. Apply Today Please send your resume by clicking on the apply button or for further information, contact our Melbourne office on 03 9691 36 31. Learn more about our Melbourne recruitment services: http://www.roberthalf.com.au/recruitment-agency-melbourne Job Reference No: 06810-0010387158LM 
 With revenue in the order of $1.5bn, our client is one of Australia's largest providers of education, enrolling over 500,000 students across all programs and employing 2,500 full-time teaching and support staff.  The business is undergoing a broad program of change that will transform it into a model of innovation, delivering excellence in educational outcomes and sustained financial performance.  Working from the Kingscliff, NSW, office, reporting to the GM Finance and leading a small team, you will develop and implement a strategic governance framework to support financial processes and practices within the organisation.  You will lead your team to build, implement and oversee audit and control processes to ensure compliance with the framework, and you will monitor and lead projects for the continuous improvement of controls and processes to enhance auditing and recording.  You will develop and provide to senior management key compliance reports for the purpose of decision making and you will lead your team to deliver an effective and efficient strategic governance framework.  Yours will be a key role in the building of a finance function that is a model of excellence in service delivery and that sets the standard for large, complex, multi-site and multi-disciplinary organisations.  You are a technically strong accountant, degree qualified and holding membership of a recognised professional accounting body (CA/CPA).  You are a self-starter, set yourself and your team high standards (and achieve them) and can balance a hands-on approach with the need to coach and mentor your team to deliver results.   A competitive remuneration package will be negotiated.  To express interest, please forward your resume to syd@amropcarmichaelfisher.com quoting Ref MMC787866. 
 About the Company This national facilities management company has a large portfolio and boasts some of the largest contracts within the industry. With a large employee base, they pride themselves on promoting from within and looking after their staff. Due to a staff member going on extended leave, they are seeking an experienced Finance Officer to assist with managing the finance of their projects. About the Role This position has the following responsibilities: Assisting with managing the budgets of various projects and communicating this information to project leads and the wider finance team Assist with budget variance and cashflow reporting Provide financial reports as required System maintenance and integrity About You In order to be successful in this role you will have the following experience and skill set: Experience in assisting with the management of project finance from a budgeting and cash flow management perspective Experienced in financial reporting to management Advanced Microsoft Office skills The ability to work autonomously as well as part of a wider, diverse team The ability to meet deadlines How to Apply To be considered for this role, please click 'Apply Now' to submit your resume online. 
 Their are 10 Mistakes in this job ad. If you beleive you have attention to detail, Spot this mistake and send then too the adress below, encluding you CV.  The Client Our client is an award-winning private Company, headquartered in Canberra which requires several payroll officers to enhance their current team.   The Position The successful applicants must demonstrate the following attributes:  Minimum of two years office experience  Invoicing in MYOB  Demonstrated ability to meet tight deadlines  Computer literacy using the Microsoft Office Suite  Work as a member of a team  Be reliable and dependable Highly desirable: Payroll experience D-BiT experience The positions on offer are permanent, Monday to Friday 8:30am to 5:00pm. Our client also offers free parking.  To be considered you will:  Be available for interview either Thursday, 19 or Friday, 20 April 2018 Complete a computer test at the interview  Complete a psychometric test Employment is subject to a clear National Police Check.  To Apply  Please apply by selecting the appropriate link below by midnight on Monday, 16 April 2018.  If you have any questions, please call one of our friendly team members a call on 1300 946 471 or email candidates@effectivepeople.com.au. 
 Corporate Strategic Finance Financial Operations Support Senior Officer Grade C Salary Range: $100,462 - $108,140 (PN: 01876) ACT Health is a values-led Directorate. Our values guide our day-to-day actions, behaviours, decisions and communications to successfully deliver the best services to meet the needs of our community. They were developed by us, for us and are unique to our work. Overview of the work area and position: The Financial Operations and Support Unit within the Strategic Finance Branch, provides business management support and advice to the Divisions of both the Canberra Hospital and Health Services and Corporate. In liaison with key stakeholders, develop and manage the required budgets and contribute to the management and improvement of performance against agreed indicators. The team ensures high quality and consistent business services, including financial management reporting are provided to all aspects of ACT Health and provide financial and business functions on a day to day basis. Finance Managers provide a range of services such as budget preparation, reporting, analysis and financial support to Divisions within the Health Directorate. As the primary contact for these Divisions for financial support, the Finance Manager will be flexible in meeting changing priorities and adaptable in working with a variety of different stakeholder groups. Eligibility/Other Requirements:Desirable: A degree or diploma from an Australian tertiary institution, or a comparable overseas qualification, in Commerce, Accounting, Business, Economics or equivalent operational experience would be a distinct advantage. Relevant experience in a hospital or health care setting, leading and managing a team are highly desirable. Prior to commencement successful candidates will be required to undergo a pre-employment Police check. Contact Officer:Gowri Jeyamanoharan (02) 6207 8028 gowri.jeyamanoharan@act.gov.au For further information, please visit www.health.act.gov.au Applications Close: 26 April 2018 
 About the business Ardent Services QLD is an established and successful cleaning company, located in Townsville with huge plans to expand over the Northern regions. The Accountant will oversee and manage all facets of the company's accounting activities and statutory compliance.  Job Tasks and Responsibilities Monitor and reconcile company bank accounts and cash flow in Xero Support administering payroll Support administering daily, weekly, monthly accounting requirements and creditors Support the curation and presentation of year end company financial data Administer the company commission auditing and revenue clawbacks Maintain internal controls Support and prepare budget forecasts and reporting General ledger maintenance End of Month reconciliations and journals Reporting for management and statutory reporting (eg BAS) Report generation including monthly &amp; year ending balancing and reporting Auditing of internal backend administrative system Analysis of and creating excel spreadsheets Make sure all financial information is accurate and is compliant with statutory requirements Work with financial institutions and brokers in order to arrange finance   Skills and experience  3+ years prior experience in similar role Experienced skill with Xero accounting package Intermediate to advanced skills in Microsoft Office products Confident computer skills and the ability to use multiple systems Professional manner and presentation Tertiary qualifications in Accounting or Commerce CPA or CA qualification membership is advantageous  
Our Client This global market leader, with operations in Australia and around the world, have continued to experience exponential growth. Operating a 'hybrid' business model, they have put in place an ambitious growth strategy. In line with this strategic move, they require an Business Analyst to join their dynamic team on a temp to perm opportunity for the 'right' person.  To begin,  the role will be based around assisting with 2019 Budget season.   About The Role Reporting to the , your responsibilities will include but not be limited to:   Assist in the annual budget process and forecasts Ensure all reporting and analysis is in line with the organisation's strategic timeline Management reporting and analysis Financial modelling and analysis to support decision making Ad hoc projects   About You You will be someone who has a proactive and positive approach to their work, you will ideally be CA/CPA/CIMA qualified with strong Hyperion experience. You will have strong management reporting and budgeting and forecasting experience in a complex environment. Sound interpersonal, oral and written communication skills and the ability to maintain relationships across the business is essential.   In order to be considered you must be able to demonstrate the following:   Hyperion experience (highly regarded) and Advanced excel (including financial modelling) Excellent presentation and stakeholder management skills Ability to work in fast-paced, highly commercial environment Experience in large complex organisation   For Further information in confidence please call Hayley Coghill on (07) 3118-0125.     To apply for this role please follow the apply now button or for a confidential discussion please contact me on the number below 
 Serco is an extraordinary company, making a positive difference to people's lives every day. We are part of a team of over 70,000 people delivering essential services on behalf of governments and organisations around the world. If you are inspired to make a positive difference, find out more about us at www.serco.com/aspac  About the role: Serco Asia pacific (AsPac) is seeking a highly enthusiastic and customer service focused Payroll Administrator to join the Employee Services Team at the Shared Services Centre in Adelaide, SA. This critical position will work as a part of a dedicated team to provide end to end payroll services across all Serco business units in AsPac. Responsibilities: Maintain and update HR and payroll master data Input new starter paperwork, employment changes and terminations Maintain and process timesheet attendance data and planned/unplanned leave records Verify and reconcile out of cycle pay adjustments Provide effective payroll services Respond to payroll queries Provide excellence in customer service Criteria: Sound Payroll and/or administration experience in a Shared Services environment Proficiency in all MS Office applications Functional knowledge of SAP HCM and VERSA Exceptional attention to detail Strong time management and problem solving skills High level verbal and written communication Dedication to providing excellent customer service Serco values of Trust, Care, Innovation and Pride underpin everything we do.  We are curious, creative and collaborative. Our people help in ways that matter. We are committed to diversity and we encourage people from different backgrounds including Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, culturally and linguistically diverse and people with disabilities to apply.   
 This well known internationally listed organisation has a passion for excellence and provision for outstanding service to its customers. With over 10,000 staff across the APAC region alone, this global powerhouse offers genuine career advancement opportunities with a respected and desired company culture. Due to growth, there is now an opportunity within a key business stream for an FP&amp;A Analyst or Management Accountant looking to make a move into the FP&amp;A space, to join the team. Reporting to the Head of Business Planning and Reporting, your role will include but is not limited to: Provision of key management reports with detailed and insightful analysis; Key member in budgeting and forecasting processes; Identify and support opportunities to improve financial performance; Partner with Group Finance and the Australian Leadership Team to support informed decision-making; Analyse monthly market, customer, sales and financial performance, providing insightful observations and recommendations on underlying drivers of business results to ensure achievement of financial commitments; Continually improve the quality of information provided to management and the Board; Provide robust budget assumptions and have a strong sense of ownership for financial outcomes; Provide quality ad-hoc analysis to influence senior management decisions and support with month-end procedures as required. For success in this role: You will have a strong commercial focus with proven experience in both management reporting; planning and genuinely partnering with stakeholders to influence key business decisions as well as a solid financial accounting background; Previous experience with UK/US GAAP and SOX compliance is highly regarded; Possess both strong communication and presentation skills, coupled with analytical methodologies you can apply; You will be CA/CPA qualified with a passion for excellence and be outcome orientated with a desire to drive improvements and streamline reports and processes where possible; Be inquisitive and enjoy interacting with the wider business by nature and operate well in a team environment. This role offers the right candidate the chance to join a multi-national company that is highly recognised not only for industry excellence but for support and genuine career growth opportunities within the organisation. An excellent location is on offer with easy access to public transport links and an attractive remuneration package. To apply online, please click on the link below. Alternatively, to discuss this opportunity further please contact Michele Muschter on 02 8036 7611. Follow West Recruitment on LinkedIn to receive the latest industry news and job updates at http://www.linkedin.com/company/west-recruitment-consulting Please submit your resume in Word format only. 
 The OzChild vision would see a society where all children live happily in a safe and caring environment. Continue reading to be part of the Finance team of an organisation that supports vulnerable children and families... Benefits and OzChild Culture: Opportunity to work within a reputable non-profit organisation Flexible working arrangements Head office based in South Melbourne Close to cafes, exercise equipment, bike and walking tracks, and parks Well connected to public transport links Friendly and supportive environment Salary packaging and employee benefits Accounts Payable Officer at OzChild: You will report to the Senior Manager: Finance &amp; Planning and collaborate with the broader Finance team, administrative staff and other OzChild clients. As Accounts Payable Officer, you will work closely with the Accounts Coordinator; providing assistance when required with Accounts Receivable tasks. You will be responsible for the accounts payable function, which involves assisting with end of month processes and the reconciliation of credit cards, petty cash and imprest accounts. Other responsibilities include: Generating the Accounts Payable weekly payment runs Ensuring all invoices and cheque requisitions are registered accurately Process EFT payments for Salary Packaging and PAYG fortnightly Liaising with suppliers and handle accounts payable queries (Please refer to the position description for further details) Qualification, Skills &amp; Experience: A tertiary qualification in business or finance or the equivalent level of training, experience &amp;/or education Previous Accounts Payable experience essential Experience using software and accounting systems Use of Great Plains desirable Ability to manage multiple priorities and projects to deadlines Good working knowledge of PDF and Excel About OzChild: For over 165 years, OzChild has been committed to the protection of Australia's most vulnerable children and families. Our purpose is to support vulnerable children and young people by preventing abuse and neglect, providing healing and strengthening families. Our vision would see a society where all children live happily in a safe and caring environment. They have their needs met, have a home in which they are well cared for, well-educated and the support that they need to be the best they can. Click APPLY to submit your application. OzChild is an equal opportunity employer and encourages individuals of diverse backgrounds to apply. This includes, but is not limited to, those from the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander, Culturally and Linguistically Diverse and GLBTIQ communities. 
 The Organisation Airservices is a government owned organisation providing safe, secure, efficient and environmentally responsible services to the aviation industry. Each year we manage over four million aircraft movements carrying more than 156 million passengers, and provide air navigation services across 11 per cent of the world's airspace. Airservices has two major operating centres in Melbourne and Brisbane and a corporate office in Canberra. We operate 29 air traffic control towers at international and regional airports, and provide aviation rescue firefighting services at 26 Australian airports. The Roles Airservices is seeking talented people with a variety of skills and experience who are interested in various roles across the organisation.  Roles may vary but are requiring a common set of skills in finance and accounting and are looking to be filled for current and upcoming vacancies, or on a talent pool basis.   Opportunities are available for experienced candidates and those seeking to develop, broaden and further their skills in the following roles: Financial Accounting Management Accounting Asset Accounting Project Accounting Enterprise Portfolio/Program/Project Governance Reporting and Analysis The Person We are looking for a highly motivated, independent people who establish, develop and maintain strong working relationships with internal stakeholders whilst having a strong customer service approach. To be successful in the role you should have an understanding of accounting principles and standards, a commercial mind-set and be proficient in the use of technologies.   Skills and Experience Minimum four years financial, accounting, project and/or reporting experience. Membership, or a willingness to progress towards, a recognised professional body. An ability to deliver accurate and timely financial information that supports management decision making. Communicate financial information to people with a non-financial background, including strong report writing and verbal communication skills. Team player who supports the development of a cohesive working environment. Previous experience with MS Excel, SAP, TM1, Project Server or other systems. How to Apply To apply for this expression of interest please lodge an application online via the apply link attaching your resume and a cover letter outlining your skills and experience and how they relate to this role. Should you require any further information please contact David Chapple on (02) 6268 4886 or david.chapple@airservicesaustralia.com Applications close 11.55pm (AEST) Sunday 29th April 2017. Please refer to the security check requirements successful applicants will be required to undertake as part of the recruitment process. Airservices is a government owned corporation providing the aviation industry with services such as air traffic control, navigation facilities and aviation rescue and fire fighting. Airservices values social and cultural diversity and is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunity and the provision of a safe and healthy work environment. In the interests of safety, we test for alcohol and other drugs. 
 Based in South Yarra 2-3 month contract Immediate need Our client are looking to secure the services of an experienced Senior Financial/Management Accountant to join their Corporate Head Office. Based in the inner Eastern suburbs, you will support the CFO with their diverse business portfolio, mentor junior staff and contribute to the long standing success of this high profile business. Your responsibilities will include: Management of business planning, co-ordination, performance analysis and reporting; Responsible for key project deliverables to senior management Support &amp; co-ordinate audit and risk management strategies Prepare monthly reporting packs Compilation of monthly variance and financial reports to senior management Preparation of budgets and forecasts Data Management and reporting relating to resourcing requirements Liaising with internal and external clients/staff members and providing accurate accounting advice and additional processing needs when required The role requires a candidate with significant demonstrated experience working in a similar role. You will be a professionally qualified as a CA/CPA with experience using large ERP's as well as previous experience in supporting key stakeholders within an organisation. Candidates with experience working with PRONTO will be highly regarded. Essential to the role will be your exceptional written and verbal communication skills and ability to work in a team focused environment. This client has an IMMEDIATE need so apply today. Please apply quoting Ref No: 21741RD 
 Aspect Joinery are a reputable and well-established company providing high quality, custom made joinery for the commercial, retail, hospitality and residential markets for over 35 years. Together with our partner entities, we proudly employ over 120 employees across three main locations including Toowoomba, Gold Coast and Melbourne.    Due to continued growth and expansion within the Aspect Group of companies, we currently have a unique opportunity for an experienced finance professional to join our team as Financial Controller. This new role will provide daily support to our Managing Director and operations teams by streamlining and formalising our reporting practices and managing general financial responsibilities.    Working with our existing finance and accounts team, the Financial Controller will be responsible for all financial reporting for all entities within the Group, completing regular analysis of financials and operational performance, overseeing the preparation of business cashflows and forecasting processes, and the preparation of all bank and financier reporting. A key part of this role will be the individual's ability to work closely with the Managing Director to identify and analyse key business opportunities.   Integrally, our new Financial Controller will be able to demonstrate:   - Tertiary qualifications in accounting, commerce or similar; - Postgraduate accounting qualifications (CA/ CPA or similar) preferred; - A minimum of 10 years practical accounting experience, ideally with a combination of public practice and commercial exposure; - Advanced level understanding of commercial accounting practices including forecasting, budgeting and reporting; - Exceptional practical accounting skills with a high degree of accuracy; - Advanced level written and verbal communication skills; and - High level skills in computerised accounting, software and financial reporting applications.    While not essential, individuals with exposure to manufacturing or trade services environments would be well regarded for this role.    This position will provide the perfect platform for an experienced senior accountant looking to take the next step in their career and provide a meaningful contribution as a true business partner in our dynamic group. The individual will be self-motivated, describe themselves as a 'doer' and have a calm, proactive and professional approach to their work regardless of the situation.    We are seeking the perfect individual to join our company in the new year and support us to continue in our current phase of growth and sophistication.    If you believe your background and experience suits this role, please apply now by sending your cover letter and CV to barry@aspectjoinery.com.au or apply now. 
 Veolia Australia &amp; New Zealand (Veolia) is the only global company to provide a full range of environmental services in the fields of water solutions, waste management solutions and energy solutions. With the global expertise gained from serving the environment for more than 150 years, Veolia operates in more than 40 countries around the world, with well over one hundred sites and approximately 4000 employees in Australia. Veolia, being at the centre of this century's biggest challenges, offers opportunities to make a difference, for your career and also for the environment and our community. In Australia and New Zealand, Veolia works with heavy industry, retail and commercial businesses, governments and communities to deliver innovative and sustainable solutions that are needed today, with the vision required for tomorrow. Veolia is seeking an experienced, capable and innovative Commercial Analyst to join our team in Southbank. Reporting to the Commercial Manager Commercial Services, working closely with divisional General Managers and business unit managers located throughout Victoria. Key Responsibilities Include: Supporting the Commercial Manager CS with the mentoring of non-finance managers in the wider Veolia business as well as assisting in day to day and month end requirement Stakeholder engagement  Assisting in performance of financial month end close functions in the required timeframe Reviewing P&amp;L for accuracy and consistency on weekly basis Ensuring all accounts are processed correctly within defined timeframes; including journal preparation and variance analysis as required Assisting  in the preparation of the Victorian budget and forecast, capex and end of budget reporting and analytics Operational analysis includes but not limited to customer profitability analysis, variance to budget, KPI &amp; Dashboard analysis and reporting Provide financial mentoring to business unit managers; assisting them in reviewing and adhering to strict KPI's Manage the reporting requirements, including the identification of gaps and generation of innovative solutions The successful candidate must be willing to travel to metropolitan and regional sites as required.  To be considered for this role, you must: Hold Tertiary qualification in Accounting/ Finance, or equivalent and significant accounting experience Be CA/ CPA qualified Demonstrate experience within an accounting or financial analyst position, minimum 3 years field experience in an equivalent role Have effective communication skills (Written &amp; Verbal) Possess effective interpersonal skills, including ability to clarify, resolve issues, time manage and make decisions Strong stakeholder management skills“ demonstrated ability in communicating at all levels in the business, building relationships and effectively managing and meeting tight deadlines Be proficient in MS Office with Advanced MS Excel Good working knowledge of systems and tools including SAP/ TM1 Posses a drivers license  This position presents as an excellent opportunity for an ambitious, career-minded individual with a genuine desire to succeed. In return for your skills, experience and commitment we offer an attractive remuneration package including staff benefits, a great working environment and a chance to gain experience within a global organisation. Apply now! No agencies please. Veolia Australia &amp; New Zealand is an equal opportunity employer. 
   Extensive exposure to different client industries Dedicated team of professionals to aid your learning &amp; development CA/CPA study support An exciting opportunity for a Junior/ IntermediateAccountant has arisen with a boutique accounting firm. The firm services high-net worth individuals and businesses operating across multiple industries. The firm is happy to support your CA/CPA studies upon commencement. They have a vibrant and young team culture, and due to expansion are looking for the right individual to join this team.  Under the direct guidance of the Business Services Manager, you will be handling a mix of compliance work. Responsibilities of the role include: Preparing financial statements and income tax returns for companies, trusts, partnerships, and individuals Preparing BAS &amp; IAS Maintaining clients' asset register, adjusting journals and reconciliations Liaising with ATO to resolve clients' tax issues Preparing referenced work papers and adhering to checklists to ensure all duty of care is met Ideal candidate: 1+ years local business services within a public practice firm Willingness to commence CA/CPA, or have commence Excellent written &amp; verbal communication skills Ability to manage daily workflow Strong business acumen For a discussion in the strictest confidentiality call Julie on (02) 8296 5888, alternatively via jmanoogian@hartrec.com.au 
 Do you specialise in Accounts Receivable and Credit control and seeking a long term role Your new company This company is committed to provide excellence within their industry offering a superior standard of services to their customers. Due to company growth require additional temporary assistance commencing ASAP with view to go permanent for the right individual Your new role Reporting to the Finance Manager your duties will include but not be limited to, updating the database, receipting and allocating customer payments, obtaining credit references for new account applications, maintaining various Excel spread sheets, producing aged debtor reports and making collection calls to delinquent debtors as well as general adhoc administrative duties. What you'll need to succeed You must be able to demonstrate impeccable communication skills and be a personable team-player. A steady background working within a similar role specialising in Accounts Receivable or Credit control will be desirable along with intermediate Excel skills and knowledge of a large ERP is beneficial. Prior experience working within a shared services team would be advantageous. What you'll get in return Great hourly rate paid weekly by Hays Recruitment along with the chance to work within a great team environment and develop your career within Accounts Receivable and for the RIGHT person secure a permanent role. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Nicole Lowe -Temporary Accountancy and Finance Division on 07 5571 0751. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position or interested in temporary assignments, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 An excellent opportunity now exists for an experienced Data Entry Officer to join a fun, social AP team based in the Docklands. Brand new funky offices and excellent facilities. Close to Southern Cross Station, great shops and amenties close by. Reporting to the Accounts Payable Manager, your responsibilities will include: High volume invoice processing, approx. 120 - 150 per day Retrieve invoices from central email inbox Liaise with internal and external parties to resolve issues Adjustments Ad Hoc Administration To be considered for this opportunity, you must have relevant high volume invoice processing experience, recent experience with a large ERP system such as SAP, JDE, Oracle or similar. You must be a strong team player, have high attention to detail and ability to meet strict deadlines. You must love a laugh and pride yourself on your work ethic. Apply by sending me your updated resume today! To apply online please click on the appropriate link below and send your resume in WORD format. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion please contact Marnie Wapshott or Mandi Vitalos on 03 9535 2111. ( SK97894A ) (SK98225A ) ( SK98226A ) Please visit www.veritasrecruitment.com.au to view more jobs. 
 Reporting to the Credit Manager this client is looking for a forward thinking individual who has experience in a fast paced environment. This role is an initial 6 month contract with a view to permanency. Key Responsibilities: Contacting debtors and following up on outstanding accounts Reconciling accounts Receipting and allocation of customer payments Answering queries Liaise with Branch network Dealing with credit requests Key Requirements: Minimum 3 years Accounts Receivable / Credit experience in a Trading environment Pronto experience is an advantage Outstanding oral and written communication and numeric skills Strong excel skills The ability to multitask and prioritise workload Ability to work autonomously and as part of a team Immediately available or 1 week notice period maximum Must have access to own vehicle To apply please click apply or call Andy Slater on +61 3 8628 2181 for a confidential discussion. 
 Salary: $80 - $90k + Super + Bonus Location: Western Sydney; Free parking onsite Role Benefit: shape insights and broaden your commercial acumen in a key stakeholder partnering role Role Overview Reporting to the Commercial Manager, this Commercial Analyst will be responsible for driving in depth commercial analysis that supports the growth of the business across the full P&amp;L. You will engage a broad range of stakeholders to help bring together value adding insight and analytics that deliver real-time business decisions. The Commercial Analyst has primary day-to-day responsibility for shaping the business' commercial performance reporting, scenario analysis to support the assessment of risks and opportunities as well as providing a range of performance reconciliations and reports. They key success factor will be your ability to build rapport you're your stakeholders and translate financial information into plain language. Role/Responsibilities Drive commercial performance reporting across financial and operational KPIs to shape actionable insights and analysis. Deliver volume, rate and mix analysis to support the review of sales and margin performance to plan and prior year. Contribute to the preparation of budgets and forecasts that are aligned to key business driver assumptions. Provide sensitivity analysis and scenario modelling to support assessment of business risks and opportunities. Support the review of monthly financial results and engage the shared services function to ensure results are materially complete and accurate. Perform a range of commercial reconciliations to support the close of accurate results. Candidate Profile You are an ambitious analyst or accountant that is looking to step-change your career in a role where you can really make a difference. Currently CA / CPA qualified or studying towards your qualification, you have a passion for connecting with the business, engaging the people around you and have a natural ability to make sense out of the numbers. You have excellent analytical thinking, are brilliant at Excel and confident in dealing with non-finance stakeholders. Exemplary communication skills and a hunger to learn and grow will set you apart. Culture &amp; Benefits A leader in their industry, this business sells brands that are internationally recognised and maintain a track record of innovation. In this regard, they provide a fantastic platform for people to develop their careers in a hands on, teamwork based culture. Immerse yourself with brands you know - share the passion Nurture growth - be a key driver in shaping insights to deliver growth Be rewarded - salary up to $80 - $90k + Super + Bonus Apply If this sounds like you, please send your resume by clicking the apply link below quoting reference number RSCA4011B in the subject line. 
 Immediate Start Accounts Receivable - Aged Care or Service Industry Experience - Team Player. Your new company This Large Healthcare Organisation that prides themselves in delivering outstanding service and making a difference to people's lives. Your new role Immediate start your role Collect and allocate receivables from customers Manage high volume collections Allocate all customers accounts daily Provide reporting cash flow and potential issues Complete monthly debtor reporting What you'll need to succeed Experience in complex Accounts Receive Role Excellent time management and strong attention to detail High volume collections Excellent communications skills Problem Solving Skills Good understanding of sales, invoicing and collection process What you'll get in return You will receive the opportunity to be part of an exciting and growing organisation. With excellent career opportunities, ongoing training and the chance to be part of an amazing team of talented individuals. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now 9804 5313. Or Email Sarah. Brooker@Hays.com.au If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 4 Week Temporary Assignment located in Robina could extend for the right person Your new company This leading reputable organisation has established themselves as an employer of choice and are currently requiring temporary assistance within their payroll department for up to a 4 week period. Your new role Your duties will primarily involve transactional payroll processing such as handling pay queries, calculating pay, award/EBA interpretation, increment and allowance calculations and processing leave entitlement. What you'll need to succeed You can demonstrate experience working within payroll operations in a high volume transactional environment and have a grasp on specialist payroll systems like Aurion, SAP, ADP, Micropay, or Preceda. You will have indepth understanding of current legislative requirements and award interpretations. This temp role requires you to commence immediately, work Monday to Friday and have flexibility in start times along with solid commitment for the duration of the assignment. What you'll get in return You will be report into one of the most highly regarded Payroll Managers on the Gold Coast, provide support to a friendly and welcoming team and benefit from a competitive hourly rate. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role and meet all of the mentioned criteria above please click 'apply now' or to forward an up-to-date copy of your resume tonicole.lowe@¦show email or call Nicole Lowe, Section Manager at Hays Accountancy and Finance on 07 5571 015. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position or interested in temporary assignments, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Deal with diverse industry sectors, clients from multi entity groups, largest being $200M+, 40+ entity groups. Your new company This role is a fantastic opportunity for an intermediate accountant who is eager to learn and grow, being guided by senior staff with a wealth of experience. You will be exposed to a strong client base, using your technical skills to provide a high level of consultation to clients. Your new role The role will include duties including, but not limited to: Assist with the preparation of income tax returns, financial statements and other related documents Preparation of tax projections for clients Basic payroll processing Assist in end of year reporting Liaising with clients Data entry What you'll need to succeed This will be a fulfilling and challenging role that will require a minimum of 1 years' experience within an Australian professional practice. You will be enrolled in the CA/CPA programme and have an impeccable work ethic along with a hands on and proactive approach to your work. Excellent communication skills are essential. What you'll get in return In return you will receive exposure to diverse and high profile clients. You will receive a competitive salary package, with great opportunity to learn, develop and progress your career. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or Tom Miles on 96049517 now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Immediately available Management Accountant with local experience, looking for a temp to perm opportunity. Your new company An internationally well-known FMCG business and market leader who are at the forefront of leading brands requires a Management Accountant. Supporting the Divisional Manager your role will be to assist in the delivery of management reports to the business to see the overall picture and solve all aspects of the management accounting functions. Your new role Key responsibilities include the preparation of detailed analysis and interpretation of financial and operating results, management reporting of company results and analysis and interpretation of divisional results in conjunction with the regions and branches. Your advanced experience in budgeting and forecasting using SAP will see you performing a role which will not only be involved in the presentation of detailed reports to senior management and customers but will demonstrate your commercial acumen and ability to draw information from the business leaders. What you'll need to succeed This high-performance team require a hands-on individual who has developed excellent presentation and communications skills combined with a desire to source and understand key business drivers. To be considered for this challenging and rewarding opportunity you will have gained a comprehensive understanding SAP. What you'll get in return A fantastic work life - balance, excellent hourly rate and the potential to go perm. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
The Company: Our client is an established banking group going through a particularly busy period. As such, they are looking for an analyst to join their finance team. This organisation offers a robust framework of learning and growth. They're renowned for their internal training and boast a wide range of opportunities to help you develop your career. Responsibilities: Production of monthly management reports and providing commentary to address key business drivers Creation of financial models to support business cases Monthly budgeting and forecasting, variance analysis, P&amp;L and Balance Sheet Reconciliations Support and business partner with a variety of stakeholders Ad hoc project work Criteria: CA Qualified or equivalent with proven business analysis skills gained ideally in a financial services or business services environment Excellent written and verbal communication skills Any prior APRA or Regulatory Reporting experience will be considered favourably GOW Recruitment is a market leading Banking and Finance recruitment specialist. Please call Sarah Brouder on 028022 8718 for more information or follow the links to apply today. 
 Finance Officer     Your new company Exchange for Change (EFC) administers the NSW and ACT Container Deposit Scheme. We are responsible for the Schemes Financial Management, Community Awareness and Compliance. Our shareholders are made up of 5 of Australia's largest beverage companies.     Your new role EFC is seeking an experienced Finance Officer to support the growing interest in the NSW Scheme as well as the recent announcement EFC will administer the ACT Container Deposit Scheme. Reporting to the Financial Controller duties will include, On time delivery of Supplier invoicing as per guidelines. Effective processing and payment of both Network Operators and MRFs financial claims in accordance with guidelines. Debtors Management and Analysis. Liaise with internal stakeholders to ensure invoicing queries/disputes are resolved Direct entry/EFT processing Bank Reconciliations Payment runs Intercompany transactions Perform client maintenance in finance system to ensure accuracy of records Assist in the annual Audit Assist in BAS/PAYG submission   Skills and competencies: Advanced working knowledge of Microsoft Word and Excel Working knowledge of Oracle (or other similar accounting softwares) Knowledge of various legislative requirements including PAYG tax, Superannuation, workers compensation. Ability to assist and support others as required and work as a team member Ability to communicate clearly and concisely Attention to detail, ability to work in small team, ability to engage with customers and suppliers Ability to operate with tight deadlines Accounting degree preferred or studying (desirable). 3+ years of experience   About You: The successful candidate will be a team player with exceptional communication skills, strong attention to detail and will have the ability to work independently and solve problems effectively.  Experience and qualifications in financial accounting along with the ability to demonstrate effective time management skills to meet deadlines, actively problem solve and possess superior communication skills.   What you'll get in return You will receive a competitive remuneration as well as a collaborative and positive working environment from a high performing team.  Our offices are based within the Rhodes corporate park which has a cafÃ©, and free gym on site and the Rhodes shopping centre very close by. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or send directly to info@exchangeforchange.com.au 
 One of the fastest growing companies in Melbourne is looking to hire a credit controller to work within their accounts receivable team. The company The company is based on an easily accessible and safe street, lined with cafÃ©s, affordable and tasty lunch options and directly opposite a nice green park. The company has seen their market share grow considerably over the last few years and are consolidating for further growth. The team The accounts receivable department is broken down into two teams, one does allocations, receipting, billing and reconciliations and the other team does collections. Both teams report into the credit manager. Reporting into the credit manager, this role will sit in the collections team with another three experienced credit collections officers, and you will take responsibility for your own portfolio to manage. The role - You will have your own portfolio of customers to look after, these can be individuals, companies and insurance companies. - You'll be responsible for the effective collection of monies from these accounts, you can use a variety of methods - calling on the phone, sending letters and emails. - You'll take ownership of your own portfolio and be responsible for the smooth running of the payment of invoices. - You will also have the responsibility over creating payment plans and helping people in hardship. - Ideally... the total days that debt is outstanding will come down. Experience required - Either experience in a corporate credit control role or experience in a high volume collections role. - If you are looking to move into a corporate company from an outsourced debt collection firm or financial services then you would be considered. - Likewise, if you are an experienced credit professional then you would also be considered. To apply - Apply here or speak to David Andrews at Randstad Melbourne Accounting, I answer all applications! 
 Make a difference to young people Join an innovative and well recognised national not for profit Competitive salary, including generous salary packaging benefits   Established in 2006, headspace is a well-recognised, national not-for-profit organisation making a difference to the lives of young people aged 12-25 years. headspace enables young people and their families to access information and support through a national network of centres and services, and drives community awareness and education about youth mental health, early intervention and help seeking.   Reporting to the Manager of Finance, the Finance Officer will be responsible for a wide range of core financial duties of the headspace entity and programs. This position plays a pivotal role in ensuring the accuracy of timely information to all stakeholders.  The successful candidate must possess a good all round understanding of the Financial Accounting Function with an emphasis on the Banking, Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable areas. Applicants must have proven experience (5 years plus) in a similar role, the ability to multi task and have a proven record of on time delivery. The applicant must demonstrate a ˜can do' attitude and have a willingness to learn as well as be able to work under tight deadlines “ and in return the applicant will have a large exposure to many different areas within the finance function of the organisation and cement their already broad Financial Accounting skills.  Key responsibilities will include: Processing of Payables and Receivables invoices Processing and reconciliation of all Government Grant Inflows and Outflows Processing of Corporate Credit cards Maintenance of Supplier and Customer databases Participate in the End of Month process   In return we offer a flexible, supportive environment where you have the opportunity to truly make a difference to young Australians. Salary is dependent on skills and experience; generous salary sacrifice opportunities are also available to the successful applicant. Application Process: Please click on the link below to our website. Upload your personal details, letter of application, response to the key selection criteria and your CV. https://headspace.org.au/about-us/work-for-us/    Applications close: 27th of April 2018 at 5pm   For more information: Contact George Mitanis on (03) 9027 0100 A Working with Children Check is required for all headspace positions. To be eligible to apply for this position you must have an appropriate work visa.  
 Experienced financial accountant covering annual leave Your new company This diverse company that has seen unexpected growth in recent years due to successful mergers and acquisitions now requires additional assistance. A global organisation that holds the majority of their business here in Australia are forecasting further growth and expansion over the coming years. Your new role This group organisation requires the assistance of an experienced financial accountant to assist with increased workload and covering a period of annual leave. Balance sheet reconciliations, P&amp;L, GL, bank reconciliations are some but not all of the duties of this role. They appreciate flexibility and a can do attitude with the successful candidate. Experience with an ERP system is preferred and good excel skills is essential. What you'll need to succeed CPA/CA qualified with good commercial experience and an ability to hit the ground running. As this role could develop and become an ongoing role, there is huge scope for the right candidate. What you'll get in return A relaxed work environment that appreciates and rewards hard work and a flexible attitude. Free parking is available and with the possibility for this contract to be extended, it could be an excellent career opportunity for the right candidate. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 About the Company This boutique Facilities Management company was founded by one of the leaders in the industry. With strong values and a service offering that has seen them win a number of new contracts, they are a key player within this industry. About the Role This position is the sole finance role within the company and so will require you to manage all aspects of the financial running of the business for the duration of the contract including: Producing cash flow reports Finalising month end Profit and loss statements Advising on tenders from a financial perspective Ensuring the smooth running of AP and AR Managing expenses About You In order to be successful in this role, the following experience is required: A tertiary qualification in finance with CA / CPA qualification Experience in using Netsuite Experience in either facilities management or a service industry The ability to commence work immediately How to Apply In order to apply for this role, please click 'Apply Now' to apply online 
 We are seeking an experienced Accounts and Legal Administration Assistant to join the team within a Federal Government Agency based in Geelong. The Role As an accounts and legal administration assistant you will assist the legal practice manager in the executive team of the in-house legal team. The role may evolve to include additional business area specific tasks within the Legal Practice. This position will manage the legal accounts and procurement administration for the in-house legal team. This will include: Management of accounts payable, Management the legal invoices inbox Drafting procurement documents, reports and contracts (Word and Excel) Management of monthly expenditure reports and budgets Management of legal disbursements including witness reports, barrister fees and working with other legal and non-legal vendors as required Additional duties will include (but not limited to) Managing on-boarding of our external lawyers, such as ordering assets, organising IT and building access, telephone numbers etc. other tasks such as ordering legislation, stationery orders and asset management. About You You will have experience working in accounts management and a strong administration background. You will have the ability to quickly gain an intimate knowledge of the work undertaken by the legal team in order to provide high level administrative support and anticipate the needs of the executive legal team. You will also be able to demonstrate the following: Qualification in business or administration (desirable) Ability to respond to and prioritise competing and often urgent requests in a calm and efficient manner while also maintaining high work standards and accuracy Experience liaising with external legal providers, legal and non legal vendors Experience working in a government (desirable) As this role is within the Federal Government, applicants are required to hold Australian Citizenship. If you are interested in this role, please APPLY NOW or call DFP Recruitment on 03 8632 9900 for further information. By submitting an application you agree to our Privacy and Information Collection Policy located at www.dfp.com.au 
 The Organisation Airservices is a government owned organisation providing safe, secure, efficient and environmentally responsible services to the aviation industry. Each year we manage over four million aircraft movements carrying more than 156 million passengers, and provide air navigation services across 11 per cent of the world's airspace. Airservices has two major operating centres in Melbourne and Brisbane and a corporate office in Canberra. We operate 29 air traffic control towers at international and regional airports, and provide aviation rescue firefighting services at 26 Australian airports. The Roles Airservices is seeking talented people with a variety of skills and experience who are interested in various roles across the organisation.  Roles may vary but are requiring a common set of skills in finance and accounting and are looking to be filled for current and upcoming vacancies, or on a talent pool basis.   Opportunities are available for experienced candidates and those seeking to develop, broaden and further their skills in the following roles: Financial Accounting Management Accounting Asset Accounting Project Accounting Enterprise Portfolio/Program/Project Governance Reporting and Analysis The Person We are looking for a highly motivated, independent people who establish, develop and maintain strong working relationships with internal stakeholders whilst having a strong customer service approach. To be successful in the role you should have an understanding of accounting principles and standards, a commercial mind-set and be proficient in the use of technologies.   Skills and Experience Minimum four years financial, accounting, project and/or reporting experience. Membership, or a willingness to progress towards, a recognised professional body. An ability to deliver accurate and timely financial information that supports management decision making. Communicate financial information to people with a non-financial background, including strong report writing and verbal communication skills. Team player who supports the development of a cohesive working environment. Previous experience with MS Excel, SAP, TM1, Project Server or other systems. How to Apply To apply for this expression of interest please lodge an application online via the apply link attaching your resume and a cover letter outlining your skills and experience and how they relate to this role. Should you require any further information please contact David Chapple on (02) 6268 4886 or david.chapple@airservicesaustralia.com Applications close 11.55pm (AEST) Sunday 29th April 2017. Please refer to the security check requirements successful applicants will be required to undertake as part of the recruitment process. Airservices is a government owned corporation providing the aviation industry with services such as air traffic control, navigation facilities and aviation rescue and fire fighting. Airservices values social and cultural diversity and is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunity and the provision of a safe and healthy work environment. In the interests of safety, we test for alcohol and other drugs. 
 WorkPac is currently partnering with global mining company to source a Purchasing Officer to join their team for a contract role based in South Bank to contribute to their strategic purpose. The role would be reporting to the purchasing lead and is requiring previous experience in mining or heavy industry. This role is high volume transactional work so your experience must reflect this. The role includes responsibilities such as: JD Edwards experience (Mandatory) Purchasing experience essential Well organised / time management skills Sound knowledge of Supply Chain planning &amp; execution Sound knowledge of, or ability to, rapidly acquire knowledge of policies  &amp; procedures in relation to the procurement function Procurement background preferred Mining Industry, or similar industry, experience Duties: Regularly liaise with operations staff in relation to purchasing requests Ensure that internal customers are informed of process, technical details, price and availability of all purchasing requests Provide feedback to customers with regard to the accuracy of purchasing requests, in order to ensure purchasing activity is streamlined and efficient and in line with Thiess policies and commercial procedures Maintain an up to date knowledge of production and maintenance plans/schedules and undertake required purchasing activities to enable timely delivery of goods Proactively follow up with customers to ensure goods/services have been received and customers are satisfied with the outcome Maintain and up-to date knowledge of items available via catalogue(s), under contract or panel agreements Investigate and develop supply sources and obtain quotations for spot purchase Undertake purchase materials, equipment, goods or services as required by the business in a timely and efficient manner Contribute to cost efficiency targets by ensuring appropriate purchasing options are considered and utilised and purchasing of goods is in line with customers specifications Required to liaise with: Internal site stakeholders to develop a robust BU-wide demand forecast for a category or group of sub-categories and External suppliers and market researchers to understand market trends and cost drivers The Role: Provides administrative support in the execution of routine purchasing activities in a timely and effective manner as instructed and in line with specified guidelines, processes and procedures.   This is an immediate start for the right person with a three - six month contract and possible extension thereafter.  Please HIT APPLY now if you are up for a challenge. 
 XLD Grain, based in Evandale, are expanding our financial and admin support team and are looking for a financial administrative star to ensure the accurate entry of accounts payable and receivable, operational and logistics data, and some reporting and general administrative support.  This role is critical to the business, supporting growth by ensuring the basics are taken care of efficiently and accurately. It's a busy work environment, and your days will be varied, working in a close-knit team. Are you: Looking for an opportunity to support business and commercial operations? Experienced in a financial administration including AP and AR? With a keen eye for detail?  The ideal candidate will be a qualified bookkeeper or have experience in the entry of accounts with strong administrative and financial skills. We are seeking someone who is highly organised, driven and flexible to work in our small team, who will establish themselves as a reliable and efficient member of the team delivering quality administrative and commercial support. If you are seeking a casual role where you can make a contribution to business outcomes this is the perfect role for you! Whilst an understanding of agriculture is preferred it is not essential, it's your desire to understand the working of the industry that is key. The details of the specific operation can be learned on commencement. If this sounds like it the right opportunity for you, apply now! 
 Excellent opportunity to work with ex mid-tier partner, with the opportunity to progress to manager Your new company Your new firm offers a full suite of services, with clients across medico, property, high net worth individuals and other sectors. This firm believes in strong team culture, with strong community involvement through grassroots fundraising. They believe in developing their staff, giving staff every opportunity to progress their career. Your new role The preparation of financial statements for Companies, Trusts, and Partnerships. Lots of face to face meetings with clients. The preparation of tax returns and other statutory returns for Individuals, Companies, Trusts, and Partnerships Identifying, raising and resolving client accounting and business issues with managers and partners. Developing and maintaining relationships with clients and external third parties Exposure to SMSFs where necessary What you'll need to succeed Preferable 4+ years' public practice experience Lots of exposure to client facing Accounting degree and CPA or CA qualified A good understanding of taxation Able to prioritise their management of client work Business aptitude and awareness, plus direct client experience Able to mentor more junior team members Excellent written and verbal communication skills and the ability to liaise easily with both clients and the team. Good time management and organisational skills, and an attention to detail What you'll get in return In return you will receive a competitive salary package, with great opportunity to learn, develop and progress your career. You will be offered the opportunity to progress to manager after 12-24 months. You will receive ongoing training and support to develop your career. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
The Company Our client is a leading, fully integrated Property Company with an enviable portfolio of premium assets across all classes. CBD located, they are considered an employer of choice, known for providing high performers with unparalleled career progression opportunities. The Role The Property Accountant is responsible for providing high quality finance reporting to enable accurate and informed decision-making for the successful performance of a portfolio of premium Commercial Properties. Responsibilities include: Overall accountability for the accounting and reporting of 3 properties within the NSW portfolio Produce financial reports in an accurate and timely manner to enable decision making Co-ordinate the budgeting and forecasting process for the portfolio including the review and critique of assumptions of budgets provided by Property Managers, Asset Managers and Analysts. Monthly, quarterly &amp; ad-hoc external management meetings Prepare Quarterly Reporting, 10 Year CAPEX and NOI re forecast reports including analysis to previous forecasts for Asset Management Team Prepare Quarterly Group Reporting including analysis of actual consolidated results to budget and forecast Upload Quarterly CAPEX and Funds accounting transactions for the Trust provided by the Co-Owner The Person The successful person will be a CA/CPA finance professional with extensive property accounting experience and an excellent knowledge of accounting standards. With strong communication and stakeholder management skills, you'll be able to work as part of a team and will show initiative and drive when working alone. Commercial Asset Accounting experience will be considered essential . 
Our clients are a well known Accounting practice with many regional offices located across Australia who employ over 1000 members of staff and continue growing at a rapid rate. Due to the retirement of a long serving member of staff after 40 years service a vacancy has become available for a senior Accountant within a regional office located in Kalgoorlie. The vacancy will require the successful candidate to work within a team of 5 Accountants in a regional office and report into 2 partners located in other regional offices. Some of the duties within this role will be to mentor junior staff, Complete to a high standard your own work load within Tax and Business services Accounting, Business develop and be very much hands on, Attend client meetings in the local area also to complete duties such as Company, Trusts, Partnerships and returns. To apply for this fantastic vacancy you will need to be degree and part or fully CA or CPA qualified, Have experience at senior accountant level, Have at least 3 years experience within public practice Accounting in Australia, Be an Australian citizen or resident visa holder, Have excellent communication skills, Be already living in the local area of Kalgoorlie or willing to relocate. In return the successful candidate will receive a salary of up to $90,000 + Super + Relocation allowance + Rental allowance, Fantastic career development with a national practice, Regular salary reviews and on-going support, Gain experience working close to the Partners, Excellent promotion prospects into a management role. Please email your resume to andy@all4people.com or for a confidential chat please call Andy on 0455501177. 
A leading Independent Advertising Agency is seeking a Financial Controller to join their finance team. Your duties will include: Providing commercial support to your CFO, Board and Senior Management team. Budgeting, forecasting and variance analysis with the provision of commentaries for senior management. Ensuring the integrity of the the month end and reporting process. Supervising and developing your finance team. All applicants should be CA/ CPA or CIMA Qualified with 4 - 8 years commercial finance experience from the Advertising sector most recently at a Controllership or Finance Manager level.  If you meet the above requirements and would like to hear more about this great opportunity then please APPLY NOW! 
 Exciting accounting opportunity to join an ASX company conveniently located in the eastern suburbs Your new company This market leading ASX listed company has an impressive product range and a market leader in their field with strong sales and growth. This listed company is driven by new product initiatives and a focus on strategic growth. Your new role A new opportunity exists for a Financial Accountant to join their largest Division. Utilising your financial accounting skills, and working closely with the Financial Controller, you will have responsibility for maintaining the integrity of the balance sheet and P&amp;L statements, including reconciliations, taxation compliance, assisting with local statutory and financial reporting of the businesses largest division and ad hoc analysis for business partners. What you'll need to succeed As a CA or CPA qualified accountant, you will have experience of working in a medium to large corporate business, ideally listed. You will thrive in a dynamic, fast paced corporate environment and enjoy working in a collaborate and established finance team. This role requires experience of working with SAP and strong excel skills. What you'll get in return The fantastic opportunity to be part of a strong and stable organisation that supplies market leading brands nationally and a company that is innovative and constantly growing. Due to this growth strategy there could be a genuine opportunity for other opportunities within the business to arise at the end of the contract. What you need to do now Interviewing NOW, please contact Nick Wood in Glen Waverley on (03) 8562 4250 for a confidential discussion on this opportunity or email your resume to nick.wood@hays.com.au 
 About the business and the role Due to an increase in clients, and the growing demand from existing clients, our firm is needing to add to their already successful team with the addition of an Admin Assistant / Bookkeeper. The vacancy is on a part time basis and this can be spread across the week within school hours.  Our firm is a small close-knit working group and understands the need for work/life balance. Job tasks and responsibilities Accounts payable and receivable processing Maintenance of general ledger Reconciliations, purchases, receivables and invoicing Maintaining client relationships   Skills and experience To apply for this vacancy you will need to meet the following criteria: You must have a minimum of 2 years working experience within an Accounting or Bookkeeping practice.  Up-to-date knowledge of GST legislation Strong payroll experience; strong knowledge of Awards is an advantage Proven experience with MYOB, Xero and QBO &amp; ReceiptBank is essential Excellent communication and organisational skills Great attention to detail with the ability to think outside the box Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Ability to working within a team environment and independently Qualifications of no less than Cert IV in Accounting Must have completed training within Australia and be an Australian resident   Please note:  A knowledge based assessment will be conducted as part of the interview process.  If you cannot meet all the criteria listed above your application will not be considered. Job benefits and perks Free car parking, flexible working hours, work within a small but friendly team.   
 Department of Transport and Main Roads / Rockhampton   Permanent full time Salary in the range of $60,281 to $67,216 per annum excluding superannuation   In the role of Project Costing Officer you will contribute to the commercial sustainability of RoadTek through the provision of advice, expertise and operational delivery of day to day costing/financial, procurement and project administration services and information whilst ensuring the service provided is timely, effective and responsive to management requirements.  You will organise and/or assist with the ordering, purchasing and supply of project requirements to allow infrastructure delivery related work to proceed in a timely manner.   Some accountabilities include: Undertake financial and timesheet transactions in relation to daily costing, revenue claims in projects and work orders using various department packages including SAP R/3 for financial transaction reconciliation.  Monitor the financial position of projects and work orders and ensure only correct charges are being debited to projects or work orders and provide early warnings to management of any deviations beyond predetermined limits. Requisition and monitor the supply of goods and services to ensure workflows are uninterrupted.  Investigate and resolve routine supplier complaints and feedback.  Monitor Inventory purchases and apportionment of costs and assist with stocktaking as required. Provide support, advice and expertise on costing and financial administration matters to project/team members.   Highly Desirable requirements: Valid Queensland ˜C' class driver's licence or equivalent. A reasonable amount of travel consistent with industry standards will be required throughout the State.   Please refer to the Position Description for further information regarding accountabilities and capabilities required for this role.   For further information about this position and details on how to apply, please visit the Queensland Government Smart Jobs and Careers website www.smartjobs.qld.gov.au.   Job Ad Reference: QLD/273733/18.   Closing Date: Thursday, 26 April 2018 
 ASX listed organisation seeking Senior Financial Accountant for a 6 month contract Your new company This is an exciting opportunity to secure a 6 month contract with an ASX listed organisation on the Gold Coast. Our client is recognised for their innovative service, connecting consumers across the globe and boasts a large scale operation. Your new role Reporting to the Financial Controller, you will be responsible for all financial reporting for the organisation and oversee a small finance team. Your duties will include but not be limited to month end processes, profit and loss analysis, balance sheet reconciliations and maintain the asset register. In addition to you be responsible for additional reporting and any ad hoc requirements from the management team. You will be responsible for the consolidation of 12 companies and assist with the budgeting process. You will be responsible for the statutory reporting for the group including BAS/VAT, PAYG, FBT, NRWT and liaise with external auditors to ensure compliance. What you'll need to succeed You will be CA/CPA qualified demonstrate a high level of technical expertise. You will be dedicated and committed to ensure you the Financial Controller is adequately supported and the team to ensure timely and accurate reporting. You will have excellent communication skills and have a proven ability to liaise with a wide variety of stakeholders. Previous experience with Xero will be highly regarded. What you'll get in return You will be offered an immediate start with a 6 month contract. Great experience with an ASX listed organisation. Central Gold coast location with a competitive salary package. Supportive, dedicated team. What you need to do now If you are interested in this role and learning more about the position and company or to discuss other Senior Finance opportunities on the Gold Coast contact Taylah Duncan at Hays on 07 5571 0751 or email taylah.duncan@hays.com.au 
 The Company This small, successful organisation is at the forefront of a unique and highly specialised industry, exclusively servicing an impressive handful of aviation customers from their purpose-built facility in Keilor Park. Priding themselves on their history as a flexible, versatile business who continue to evolve in line with the needs of their customers and their agility within a technologically progressive industry, this business is seeking an experienced Credit Controller who can also assist broadly across both Accounts and Administration. The Role Reporting directly to the Chief Financial Officer, your duties will include, yet are not limited to the following: End to end, stand alone Credit control including collections and allocations Email communication with international customers Liaise with other departments closely, in particular Logistics and Repairs Accounts Payable support including data entry of invoices and End of Month overflow Ad hoc Administration and Relief Reception where required The Person In order to be successful in this technical and dynamic business you will be equally adaptable, and a confident and experienced all-rounder with a natural desire to take ownership of the Credit function within the organisation. Culturally, this business would suit an energetic individual who enjoys taking responsibility of a varied workload and working as part of a highly successful and engaged team. Previous MYOB exposure is not essential but comes highly regarded. To apply online please click on the appropriate link above and send your resume in WORD format. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion please contact Emily Chwyla on 03 9948 9499. 
 Join a well known Chinese Property Developer. Your new company A successful Chinese Property Developer are are seeking a Financial Accountant to join their finance team on a 8 month maternity cover contract. Your new role The Financial Accountant will be responsible for the processing, compilation and analysis of monthly results. This includes, but is not limited to: Preparation of annual accounts for all entities Month end and quarter end financial reporting Budgeting &amp; forecasting Monthly Invoicing Compliance with tax and statutory requirements What you'll need to succeed You will be CA/CPA qualified/part qualified: Ideally have come from a property development background Ability to analyse and prepare financial information Ability to report and present financial data that is clear, concise and easily understood at all levels in the organisation What you'll get in return An immediate start with a successful property developer in an all round accounting role. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' or forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to bryn.morgan@hays.com.au or call Bryn Morgan on 96049633. 
 Stand alone Credit Control with a variety of Accounts and Admin duties Flexible work days and hours, 20-24 hours per week Keilor Park location The Company This small, successful organisation is at the forefront of a unique and highly specialised industry, exclusively servicing an impressive handful of aviation customers from their purpose-built facility in Keilor Park. Priding themselves on their history as a flexible, versatile business who continue to evolve in line with the needs of their customers and their agility within a technologically progressive industry, this business is seeking an experienced Credit Controller who can also assist broadly across both Accounts and Administration. The Role Reporting directly to the Chief Financial Officer, your duties will include, yet are not limited to the following: End to end, stand alone Credit control including collections and allocations Email communication with international customers Liaise with other departments closely, in particular Logistics and Repairs Accounts Payable support including data entry of invoices and End of Month overflow Ad hoc Administration and Relief Reception where required The Person In order to be successful in this technical and dynamic business you will be equally adaptable, and a confident and experienced all-rounder with a natural desire to take ownership of the Credit function within the organisation. Culturally, this business would suit an energetic individual who enjoys taking responsibility of a varied workload and working as part of a highly successful and engaged team. Previous MYOB exposure is not essential but comes highly regarded. To apply online please click on the appropriate link above and send your resume in WORD format. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion please contact Emily Chwyla on 03 9948 9499. 
 Tired of long hours and the corporate grind? Looking to make a difference and use your Systems &amp; Accounting skills for good? Blank canvass to implement best practices and streamline processes. The Client: Our client is a world class organisation that is on the leading edge of research &amp; development across many technologies. Promoting a progressive work culture and embarking on business transformation initiatives, they are seeking to partner with talented professionals that can assist in delivering change. The Role: End-user support on primary application within finance; As SME on applications, strive for continuous improvement in the way finance uses its applications; Weekly, monthly and year-end support to processing requirements and close; Applications administration around maintaining accounting configurations including business units, chart fields, workflow, user setup and access. Updating and create Standard Operating Procedures around applications Lead on new finance application implementations, which will involve planning, functional process design, configuration, testing and sustainment support. You: Degree qualified in accounting and finance, ideally with a double major in IT; Minimum of 3-5 years in a similar Functional Analyst role supporting finance in a mid-sized company; Experience supporting finance in front-end and back-end issues with ERP such as SAP, Oracle or Peoplesoft; Experience with finance applications such as Hyperion, Concur would be desirable; Significant business partnering and stake-holder management experience; and Strong communication and interpersonal skills Apply Now If you feel you have the right match of skills for this position, submit your application and as we work through the process we can reach out to you to discuss the position in more detail. 
Got drive? You'll fit right in. In 1997 we tried something new - we've been doing it ever since. From humble start-up beginnings, today we're an ASX top 100 with world-class technology and advertising solutions. Not only are we the largest online automotive, motorcycle and marine classifieds business in Australia, we're growing across Latin America and Asia. The role  The Key responsibility of the Credit Controller is to maximise cash collections for the company using credit management techniques to mitigate risk and minimise risk exposure. Minimising DSO underpins the objectives of the Credit Controller.  The Credit Controller will work closely with the Collections Team Leader to perform regular ledger reviews as well as reporting requirements for Senior Management and Audit Requirements.    What you'll do  Help to minimise DSO and provision for doubtful debt by managing high-risk accounts using credit interventions including suspensions, collection calls, and subsequent follow-up. Provide a point of customer service relating to accounts for internal and external stakeholders. Manage incoming inquiries. Minimise potential loss through analysis of ˜at risk' accounts to determine where they can be referred to a third party collection agency/s. Manage ongoing relationship with third party collection agency/s. Perform internal risk assessment on B2B applications and dictate potential pre-requisite actions. Determine resolutions to disputes and raise assoc. credits or escalate to performance management team accordingly. Perform outgoing mail merge events. Recommend balances for potential write off. Conduct credit card payments. Assign one-off and ongoing PO allocations. What you'll have  Effective communication skills Ability to deal with difficult customers Problem Solving Patience Ability to work in a team environment Ability to work to deadlines Attention to detail Technical Competencies Required: Netsuite  Salesforce  Data Entry “ Medium MS Word “ Medium Excel “ Medium Outlook “ Medium Oracle JD Edwards “ In-house training provided Tableau “ Beginner Why Apply? Carsales offers extensive opportunities to learn and evolve in a diverse, fast-paced and dynamic environment. We are committed to our people through many ongoing initiatives associated with culture and benefits, career development, health and well-being, community, work-life balance and reward, and recognition. We continually strive to attract and retain the most talented people through a number of programs designed to support learning and development. When you work at Carsales you don't just have a job, but you have a rewarding career. Carsales is an equal opportunity employer who prides themselves on providing a diverse workplace that brings out the best in its people. We encourage women and men of all ages and backgrounds to apply. -- And just a quick one¦  Successful candidates joining the carsales family are required to undergo a National Police Record check and must have full-time Australian working rights on an ongoing basis. 
 This market leading large insurance company is currently seeking a Finance Business Partner Your new company Market leading large insurance business based on city fringe. They are now going through an exciting period of expansion and require a finance business partner to join their dynamic commercial team. Your new role Reporting into the Head of Management Reporting this highly diverse business partnering role will juggle multiple stakeholders providing in depth reporting and analysis on = Headcount and cost Budgeting Forecasting Process improvement opportunities and ways to reduce cost. Business planning What you'll need to succeed Large commercial company background, CPA/CA qualified, strong ability to influence stakeholders, business partner, multi-task, problem solve and strong technical experience matching the brief above. What you'll get in return Immediate start for 6 month role with an opportunity to apply your experience in commercial analysis, business partnering, a high performance culture, excellent hourly rate of $49 + super per hour and potential chance to go permanent down the track. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Cameron Joyce on 9804 5313 or email cameron.joyce@hays.com.au If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 My client an Established Chartered Practice that offers an outstanding opportunity for an experienced Bookkeeper to work on a variety of clients. Based in Camberwell  this is an unique opportunity to work in a busy environment for a fantastic practice. The Role.   Payroll  Reconciliation of Accounts General Accounting functions Other Duties as required The Person At least five years Bookkeeping  Experience gained in Australia Excellent Reconciliation skills Xero experience is mandatory Attention to detail Able to communicate in a clear manner with clients and staff Payroll Experience dealing with Employee's and Sub Contractors  A &quot;Can Do&quot; attitude    The Rewards Well known Chartered Practice Salary Package up to $60k Opportunity to grow with the firm Growing Accounting Practice Public Transport at the fromt door. Immediate Start Please email your CV to ginov@natrec.com.au phone enquiries on 0412 144 503 are welcomed after you have submitted your CV. As we are expecting a large number of applicants only successful applicants will be contacted 
 Intermediate Accountant job available at International Mid Tier firm offering a salary of $55K-$75K Your new company This mid-tier firm located in Melbourne's CBD is looking for a motivated intermediate accountant that's looking to join a leading firm that offers high level tax advice. This firm works with a broad range of industry clients and offer a full suite of services. Your new role Working in this firm your will be responsible for providing a high level of business services and tax advice to a portfolio of high net worth clients. What you'll need to succeed The role will include duties such as, however not limit to: Preparation of income tax returns Fringe benefits tax returns Tax planning Preparation of financial statements Ensuring financial records are in order Liaising with the ATO What you'll get in return In return you will receive a competitive remuneration package, chance to work for a leading firm and the opportunity to take the next step in your career. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 The Company Busy, friendly environment, motivated finance team Collections experience required If you are keen to work with a successful, growing Cloud services company that not only has a welcoming and lively team environment, but will be supportive of your career growth then this is the opportunity for you. The Role We have an excellent opportunity in our St Leonards office for a Collections Specialist to make a real contribution to our organisation. Reporting to the Director of Finance, the role will be a broad and all-encompassing one with key deliverables including; Accounts receivable “ debtors collections and recoveries Attend to customer account enquiries and payments processing Dealing with customers on a regular basis Set up new customers and credit checks Processing credit card and direct debit payments Allocating and receipting of payments Entry of invoices into Accounts system Follow up on outstanding customer accounts Answer customer account enquiries Other related duties as required Credit Control for debtors ledger Data Entry Assigning and maintaining customer records and management of correct data Reconciliations of customer accounts Assist with Accounts receivable overflow Assist with reconciliations (intercompany etc)   This position is responsible for providing direct assistance with debtor receipting, debtor collections, accounts payable and to maintain financial administrative systems and processes in an efficient and accurate manner.  The Candidate Experience and attributes we are looking for include: 3 years of experience in commercial environment. Qualified or working towards University or TAFE qualification Attention to detail Problem solving skills  Exceptional phone manner Time Management skills Demonstrating commitment to company policies, values, and standards Uphold a high level of professionalism, respect and courtesy to others We can offer: Supportive Manager and team Eligabilitiy for quarterly bonus Fresh fruit on a weekly basis Soft drinks supplied  Employee Assistance Program for employee and family   If this sounds like you, apply now through the link below. For further company information visit our website www.j2global.com and www.evoice.com   
 The Enel Group business is dedicated to the development and management of energy production from renewable sources worldwide. We have an energy generation mix that includes wind, solar, hydroelectric, geothermal and biomass. We are active in 29 countries with over 1,200 plants. We work worldwide with a sustainable business model that generates value not only for the company but also for the communities where we work. We are constantly engaged in new projects and new technological challenges in order to innovate in the fields of research and production of electrical energy from renewable sources. We have an exciting opportunity for an ambitious individual to join our team as our Finance Accountant. You will be working with our Senior Accountant and CFO in our new offices at Barangaroo. Some of your day to day duties will include: Monitoring of cash needs and payments for all the companies belonging to EGP Australia Group; Managing the financial planning (short and long term) Management of the Project Finance fulfillments in relation to financial model updating, monitoring, control and management of debt cover ratios, covenants, representations and warranties, waivers/amendments. Liaising with obligors/creditors/counsels undertaking necessary risk control/monitoring. Handling equity injections, debt draw-down and execution of related payments; Managing of the Hedging Profiles of the companies belonging to EGP Australia Group; Preparation of the monthly Finance reporting to Enel Group Bank reconciliations Interface with external auditors (if needed) To be successful in the role, you will have: Tertiary qualifications preferably in Economics, Commerce, Finance or Accounting At least 3 years with proven responsibility in the following: Treasury/Project Finance Portfolio manager Financial Advisory services (ie consultancy firms) Financial analysis and financial/risk evaluation Professional experience in multinational company preferred proven experience in international financial environment (banks, advisory or financial services firms) with product knowledge on project finance; Deep knowledge of loan/project documentation (EPC, O&amp;M, shareholder agreements, loan agreement, hedging, etc.) Strong numerical, analytical and project management skills; Financial modelling skills and understanding of accounting; Experience in analysing and reporting in a clear and concise manner to senior staff. As a multi-national company, flexibility around working hours is required Ability to travel locally and internationally where required Knowledge of the Italian knowledge an advantage Experience with SAP an advantage We are a multi-national organisation with offices around the world. If you have an interest in progressing your career with the possibility of inter-company transfers, apply below. The successful applicant must have the rights to live and work in Australia. Please click the 'Apply' button or send your application to aucareers@enel.com For more information about Enel Green Power Australia Pty Ltd, please visit our website https://www.enelgreenpower.com/en.html   
McMillan Shakespeare Group, through its subsidiaries, is Australia's largest provider of salary packaging and novated leasing services and a leading provider of fleet and asset management and consumer and fleet financing. From our origins in 1988 when we created our country's salary packaging industry to today, MMS has a proud history of pioneering An exciting opportunity is now available for an experienced Accounts Officer who is wishing to work in a dynamic finance shared services team environment to deliver accounting services to operating business units.   Key responsibilities include:   Manage the processing and reconciliation of all bank accounts Prepare and report on the monthly reconciliation of clearing accounts Attend to the company's accounting month end process in accordance with MMS Month End timetable as directed. Set up and maintain supplier accounts as required Process approved suppliers' invoices. Process approved employee expense claims. Reconcile supplier accounts as required. Respond to accounts payable queries within targeted time frames. Draw payments on authorised items. Generate EFT files and cash requirement reports in required time frames. Allocate costs in accordance with chart of accounts. Attend to and resolve disputes as and when they arise with external suppliers in a courteous and professional manner. Perform other duties as required including general ledger reconciliations, data entry into accounting software and filing duties. Comply with Company policies and procedures. Develop and maintain positive, professional relationships with internal and external stakeholders. Identify and manage stakeholder concerns as appropriate and escalate as required to manager per guidelines     To be considered for this role, you will possess:   To be successful for this role, you must have 2+ years' experience undertaking similar accounting activities in a medium-sized corporate environment. Previous finance industry experience would be advantageous. You will have demonstrated process and/or efficiency improvements and you will have the ability to work with management to implement changes to the accounting function. Experience using an ERP system is essential and knowledge in JD Edwards will be highly desirable   To apply please click on the &quot;Apply&quot; button below and complete our online application form. 
 Fixed Assets Manager Complex infrastructure and services organisation 12-month fixed term appointment Competitive market salary This award winning organisation, is one of Brisbane's most prominent and progressive organisations and is set to continue impressive growth through large-scale capital development as well as increased services. Proudly Queensland based, this company creates over $4billion in economic opportunities for both Brisbane and the State and employs thousands of local Queenslanders. It is an exciting time to join this highly progressive and unique organisation. They are looking to appoint an experienced Fixed Assets Manager for an initial period of 12+ months. This business critical role will lead a team of 3 and play an integral part in providing financial and advisory services to the business in all areas relating to asset management, budget management and project funding forecasting. Reporting to the Financial Controller, you will be responsible for in-excess of 150,000 asset records with a replacement cost of $20b, including a significant infrastructure portfolio, and a primary objective to manage all capitalisation, revaluation, sales and retirements as well as relevant reconciliations and reporting in relation to fixed assets. To be considered for this exciting and pivotal role, you will have substantial experience in asset management and capital expenditure as well as sound experience working with infrastructure assets. With interpersonal and communication skills second to none and relevant Accounting based qualifications, you will be seeking a role within a dynamic employee focussed organisation and have gained experience within a similar role in a large commercial environment. You will also enjoy managing people, working autonomously, be prepared to be hands on and have an interest in working across all aspects of an organisation. Technology One exposure will be highly regarded. For a confidential discussion about this excellent opportunity call Kim Ritchie on 07 3230 0025/0412 156 920 or email kim@edenritchie.com.au 
 Pivotal Role for an Experienced Finance Manager Your new company Kesser Torah College is a Jewish educational facility based in Dover Heights, offering Jewish Education and care for children aged 2 years - Year 12. The school is committed to enhancing academic and extra-curricular learning for each child as an individual, and to providing the highest quality Jewish and Secular education, as well as pastoral care, to over 480 students. They strive to provide excellence in education, within a respectful and nurturing environment to help each student reach their full potential. Your new role Reporting directly to the CEO, you will be responsible for the full finance function of the school including managing the cash flows, donations, grants and reporting. Managing a small team, y our experience and confidence will be extremely important in communicating with key stakeholders to create stable and long-lasting relationships, in order to implement essential business decisions. You will also proactively work to improve and implement processes in order to better improve the organisation. What you'll need to succeed You will need to be a qualified, experienced senior finance professional with a high degree of self-motivation and a meticulous eye for detail. You will be technically astute a nd will have excellent communication skills, as well as experience managing and mentoring staff . Ideally, you will come from an education background or have a strong motivation to work in education. You will also have the ability to build excellent relationships across all areas of the organisation and work with a variety of different stakeholders. What you'll get in return An attractive six figure salary package will be offered to attract the right individual commensurate with experience, along with 4 weeks annual leave plus all Jewish Holidays (equating to approximately 10 days extra leave) and parking as an added benefit. The school also offers real work life balance and flexibility. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to Sam Sarsfield at sam.sarsfield@hays.com.au, or call us now (02) 8226 9600. 
 The Homeloans Group is one of Australia's leading non-bank lenders, with over 30 years of experience. Homeloans specialise in home loans and have a wide range of products which include residential and commercial options to meet the need of all types of customers from first home buyers to investors. We pride ourselves on our service which has seen us win a number of industry awards. Reporting to the Joint CEO, the CFO will be responsible for managing the Company's finances and assisting the Joint CEOs in achieving long term value creation. Responsibilities for the role include but are not limited to: Develop, implement and monitor the financial and tax strategies for the Group. Manage budgeting, forecasting, reporting and financial modelling and analysis for the Group Lead the finance team and ensure systems and processes are fit for purpose Deliver half year and full year financial accounts and present to audit committee and board Evaluate and provide advice to management on short and long term strategic objectives Support any merger or acquisition activity where required (eg due diligence, documentation preparation and implementation) Identify financial risks and provide recommendations to the Joint CEOs To be successful for this role, you will have: 5 years' experience working as a Chief Financial Officer or in a senior management position in a listed financial services environment. Ability to establish and maintain excellent relationships with key internal and external stakeholders including the Board and Sub-Committees Proven track record of driving commercial outcomes Experience with mergers and acquisitions (desirable). CA / CPA qualification, an MBA would be well regarded. Strong leadership skills with proven ability to manage a team of professionals and provide direction and motivation towards vision and goals. Robust analytical skills. Attention to detail, logical decision making and a hands on approach.     If you're still reading and believe you are qualified for this role, apply now by submitting your resume and a targeted cover letter addressing the job criteria. Please note that unsolicited applications from recruitment agencies will not be accepted 
 Our client is a well-established, technology focussed accounting and Advisory firm based in Sydney. Their clients are from a range of back grounds and include both domestic and international businesses.  The practice has been steadily growing and has recently introduced two new partners to complement its business services and advisory offering.  Concerned with the future of practice accounting, services are delivered using leading edge, cloud based software / IT systems and the office is a paperless environment.  Having services this client for many years, they are a company with low staff turnover.  The positions are interesting and the partners are supportive and encourage free thinking and personal growth.  This is a hands-on role where you will devote most of your time to your broad portfolio of clients, assisting them with their accounting and tax requirements from start to finish, providing advice and adding value.  Some of the task and assignments you will have access and ongoing training towards are as follows: Working closely with managers and partners to present clients with solutions on business structuring, taxation, lending and transaction support (M&amp;A) assignments Preparation of financial models, process and performance improvement, benchmarking, cash flow management and strategic planning initiatives Preparing and reviewing income tax returns and special purpose financial reports for a wide variety of clients (predominately high wealth individuals, family business and small/medium enterprises) Dealing with complex group structures comprising of multiple entities  Ensuring clients have access to accurate and reliable information to make business decisions You will have a solid background gained from working in a professional services environment providing business advice and accountancy to a range of business entities.  You possess a naturally inquisitive mindset and desire to understand your clients overall operations, allowing you to deliver the most impactful outcomes Minimum 3 - 4 years of experience in a chartered environment  Degree qualified CA or CPA (or working towards)  Business Advisory / Outsource CFO Skills Technical skills across a range of accounting issues and business taxes The ability to build strong connections with Clients Enjoy challenging work and ongoing development If you are interested in this position please click apply or email mark@hamiltonyork.com.au. If you would benefit from a confidential discussion before applying please call Mark Davis on 0405 349 462  Hamilton York is an independent Australian specialist financial recruitment practice. We are passionate about the talent we represent, partnering with Australia's most prestigious and ambitious companies.   If this position is not suitable please call us on 0405 349 462 or email info@hamiltonyork.com.au to discuss a range of other opportunities or for a general discussion and preparation for the next successful stage in your career  
 Offering a diverse range of property services globally, this international success story continues to lead from the front and report with outstanding results. Holding steady during uncertain economic times, this is a safe career move for the right person. As a senior member of the team, this accounting role offers the opportunity to work with a major client producing all financial asset reporting. Specifically, this will include a range of financial and management accounting responsibilities including quarterly client reporting, preparation of statutory accounts and reconciliations, elimination entries, lead tax and depreciation. CA or CPA qualified, you will possess exceptional communication ability in order to liaise with a number of key stakeholders. You will have a stable work history with exposure to both property accounting and being an achievement oriented individual. You will enjoy liaising across the business, partnering all levels of internal and external stakeholders. 
Australian's are addicted to spicing up their lives with a fix of succulent flame grilled PERi PERi chicken.  Besides our legendary chicken, the one thing you'll always find at Nando's is a warm welcome that will make you feel right at home.    We are seeking a Nandoca (that's what we call our amazing staff) who have fire in their belly to ignite passion into our beautiful restaurants “ an enthusiastic, motivated and engaging team player to join our finance function.    The Role: Based in Melbourne, the Financial Accountant role is a critical position in the finance function that is responsible for the preparation and oversight of the periodic and year-to-date financial reports of the Australian business, ensuring accurate financial accounting and reporting in compliance with Australian and International Accounting Standards.    Your key responsibilities include: Analyse and advise on business operations including revenue and expenditure trends, financial commitments and future revenues Preparation and distribution of the period's sales results Preparation, analysis and submission of the periodic Global deck complete with commentary Coordinate the quarterly and annual planning and forecasting cycles Preparation of the year-end statutory financial reports for the Australian market Assist with implementing and maintenance of internal financial controls and procedures Ensure all balance sheet accounts are reconciled and signed off on a periodic basis within period-end timeframes deadlines; Responsible for all aspects of our Taxation obligations working in conjunction with our Tax partner Ensure BAS (Local and International) compliance is recorded appropriately within the accounts and reported on relevant returns accurately; Manage and oversee the submission of information to various statutory bodies Responsible for the maintenance Fixed Asset Register, including posting periodic depreciation and amortization journals; Maintenance of financial databases Ad hoc duties and project as specified by the Finance Manager    To be considered for the role, you must possess: Very strong technical accounting knowledge Excellent verbal and written communication skills Strong interpersonal skills with a keen customer focus Experience from a Big4, Mid-Tier Chartered accounting firm, or medium to large multi-state organisation Strong Excel skills Highly numerate with the ability to explain variations to financial/non-financial stakeholders Ability to multi-task effectively and follow through to meet deadlines Strong attention to detail Experience with accounting systems (experience with Sage Evolution or Tableau will be highly regarded)    CA/CPA qualified or part-qualified, ideally you will have a proven track record of success in a fast-paced and high performance environment.  You will have an in-depth technical accounting understanding and will be commercially astute.  In addition to that, you will assist driving operational performance through the development of continuous process improvement initiatives and you will enjoy building positive relationships in an entrepreneurial and informal environment as this will be critical to your success.  Industry experience in food, restaurants, retail or FMCG would be highly advantageous but it is not essential.   This is an exceptional opportunity for a dynamic and high calibre junior Accountant to become part of a truly unique, fast paced business with an outstanding culture and with a genuine mandate for growth.     The Organisation Nando's is a privately owned business that was established in South Africa almost 30 years ago. Specialising in fast casual restaurants the business now operates across 24 countries and has 1,300 restaurants globally. Whilst some countries like the UK and the USA are 100% company owned Nando's Australia operates a hybrid model of company owned and franchised restaurants. Nando's Australia is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  We seek to ensure that people are employed, trained and promoted fairly, based on merit, without discrimination and harassment, which reflects the diverse nature of the Nando's family.  We support the diversity of our people through policy and practice and encourage applications from both women and men.    To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Taryn Littlejohn 0478658560 
 About Inspire Inspire Health Services is Australia's leading allied health company, offering complete health solutions in sports performance, injury rehabilitation, exercise physiology, dietetics, and chronic disease and lifestyle management, across the South East Queensland region. At Inspire, our mission is to innovate, integrate &amp; inspire a stronger, healthier, better community through evidence-based programs and treatments. The Role Due to recent business development and growth, an opportunity is available for an experienced accounts officer who has a high attention to detail and thrives working in a fast-paced environment to assist our accounts department. This is a permanent part-time position with flexible hours to be discussed with the successful applicant. Duties &amp; Responsibilities: Cash handling and receipting Change float/banking Follow up on accounts receivable Workcover &amp; Third Party Claims DVA/Medicare claims Data entry of invoices/receipts into Cliniko/Excel Skills &amp; Experience Experience in medical billing, HICAPS /Medicare Claims and cash handling is required Ability to effectively communicate at all organisational levels and in any environment in both verbal and written form. Attention to detail is vital “ the successful applicant needs the ability to own the numbers, know the numbers and their accuracy and completeness at all times Integrity “ Maintains legal, social and organisational standards and values and honors commitments and confidentiality Strong computer skills and the ability to learn clinical software is essential. The ability to multi-task and prioritise tasks and be fast working and accurate is highly desirable. Benefits &amp; Culture At Inspire we pride ourselves on providing a supportive and energetic environment. We are a close team who work together to achieve our business goals of running a thriving allied health centre. Our employees have the benefit of working in a great location with complimentary access to our health facility, gym classes and Pilates equipment. We have a designated Wellness Officer to ensure our employees enjoy their work and achieve work-life balance. Our business is growing rapidly with career development available for the right candidates. APPLY NOW Please click on 'Apply Now' via the Seek website or email you CV and cover letter to Hayley at HR@inspirehealthservices.com.au to apply 
 MOCO Meat &amp; MOCO Food Services is a well-established privately owned &amp; operated foodservice distributor and is seeking to appoint a Costing and General Ledger Accountant to join our very successful team on a part time permanent basis. We specialise in the portioning and distribution of meat products to all sectors of the catering and restaurant industry.   The Role   Reporting to the Chief Operating Officer with a functional reporting line to the General Manager, this role will be responsible for:   Cost Accounting in a Meat Processing Facility; Ownership of manufacturing reporting for this Department; Design of manufacturing reports To act as a backup to the GL accountant in the Finance Team; &amp; Ad hoc Projects as requested by the Meat and Finance Teams.   The Person   The successful candidate will possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills and the ability to liaise with the Meat and Finance Teams and other stakeholders.  You must also be passionate and driven to succeed.   Ideally you will have:   Costing experience in a manufacturing industry, Financial reporting skills would be preferred, but not essential Strong work ethic, Tertiary Qualifications would be an advantage but not essential, At least 3 to 4 years' experience in a similar role, and Intermediate computer skills in the Microsoft Suite is essential.   The successful candidate will join a dynamic team who are passionate about success. An attractive remuneration package commensurate with experience will be on offer.  This role will initially be 15 to 20 hours per week.   If you are looking for a new opportunity or are looking to re-enter the workforce after some time off, this would be an ideal role for you. If you believe you meet the requirements outlined above, please apply now by attaching your resume and a covering letter detailing your skills and experience.   Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.  No agencies please.     
 Payroll Officer contract with an immediate start based in St Marys. Must drive. Your new company This internationally renowned business produces and sells agricultural and construction equipment. The current payroll officer is going on a 6 week holiday, causing a need for an 8 week position (including a two week handover). Your new role In this standalone position you will be responsible for processing the monthly pay of 500 staff members. You will do this in a timely manner and will ensure award, statutory and accounting requirements are met. What you'll need to succeed The successful candidate will have excellent attention to detail and strong time management skills. Previous experience in operating large and complex payrolls, advanced Excel and ADP experience are essential. What you'll get in return The opportunity to work for a large scale global company, within a standalone position. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to Becca Hoare at Rebecca.Hoare@hays.com.au [mailto:Rebecca.Hoare@hays.com.au]. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 About the business Inform Business Accounting is based in the western suburbs and has been in existence since 2001. The firm has a small but growing number of loyal customers that appreciate the personalised suite of services that we offer. This includes financial controller services and accounting system setup and customisation work. About the role The Intermediate Accountant will work directly with the Principal on a variety of tasks including financial controller and business analytical work plus accounting systems setup and customisation work. There is also the traditional compliance work preparing statutory returns including tax, BAS and ASIC for individuals, companies, trusts and not for profit entities. Benefits and perks Working directly with the Principal can really accelerate your career Much more than typical compliance work and includes financial controller and accounting systems work Avoid traffic by working at an easy to get to location near the Millers Road exit of the Westgate Freeway Work very closely with clients including onsite assisting them with running their accounts Full time role however can be part time for the right person Skills and experience CPA, IPA, CA or nearly qualified Xero, MYOB, and other cloud accounting systems At least 2 years relevant experience ideally in an Accounting Practice Competency with MS Excel and Word Ability to work independently and to deadlines Organised and efficient 
Australian's are addicted to spicing up their lives with a fix of succulent flame grilled PERi PERi chicken.  Besides our legendary chicken, the one thing you'll always find at Nando's is a warm welcome that will make you feel right at home.    We are seeking a Nandoca (that's what we call our amazing staff) who have fire in their belly to ignite passion into our beautiful restaurants “ an enthusiastic, motivated and engaging team player to join our finance function.    The Role: Based in Melbourne, the Financial Accountant role is a critical position in the finance function that is responsible for the preparation and oversight of the periodic and year-to-date financial reports of the Australian business, ensuring accurate financial accounting and reporting in compliance with Australian and International Accounting Standards.    Your key responsibilities include: Analyse and advise on business operations including revenue and expenditure trends, financial commitments and future revenues Preparation and distribution of the period's sales results Preparation, analysis and submission of the periodic Global deck complete with commentary Coordinate the quarterly and annual planning and forecasting cycles Preparation of the year-end statutory financial reports for the Australian market Assist with implementing and maintenance of internal financial controls and procedures Ensure all balance sheet accounts are reconciled and signed off on a periodic basis within period-end timeframes deadlines; Responsible for all aspects of our Taxation obligations working in conjunction with our Tax partner Ensure BAS (Local and International) compliance is recorded appropriately within the accounts and reported on relevant returns accurately; Manage and oversee the submission of information to various statutory bodies Responsible for the maintenance Fixed Asset Register, including posting periodic depreciation and amortization journals; Maintenance of financial databases Ad hoc duties and project as specified by the Finance Manager    To be considered for the role, you must possess: Very strong technical accounting knowledge Excellent verbal and written communication skills Strong interpersonal skills with a keen customer focus Experience from a Big4, Mid-Tier Chartered accounting firm, or medium to large multi-state organisation Strong Excel skills Highly numerate with the ability to explain variations to financial/non-financial stakeholders Ability to multi-task effectively and follow through to meet deadlines Strong attention to detail Experience with accounting systems (experience with Sage Evolution or Tableau will be highly regarded)    CA/CPA qualified or part-qualified, ideally you will have a proven track record of success in a fast-paced and high performance environment.  You will have an in-depth technical accounting understanding and will be commercially astute.  In addition to that, you will assist driving operational performance through the development of continuous process improvement initiatives and you will enjoy building positive relationships in an entrepreneurial and informal environment as this will be critical to your success.  Industry experience in food, restaurants, retail or FMCG would be highly advantageous but it is not essential.   This is an exceptional opportunity for a dynamic and high calibre junior Accountant to become part of a truly unique, fast paced business with an outstanding culture and with a genuine mandate for growth.     The Organisation Nando's is a privately owned business that was established in South Africa almost 30 years ago. Specialising in fast casual restaurants the business now operates across 24 countries and has 1,300 restaurants globally. Whilst some countries like the UK and the USA are 100% company owned Nando's Australia operates a hybrid model of company owned and franchised restaurants. Nando's Australia is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  We seek to ensure that people are employed, trained and promoted fairly, based on merit, without discrimination and harassment, which reflects the diverse nature of the Nando's family.  We support the diversity of our people through policy and practice and encourage applications from both women and men.    To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Taryn Littlejohn 0478658560 
Company ASX - Global financial services organisation with a diverse client base and strong focus on knowledge, innovation and people  Position Reporting to the Chief Risk Officer, you will be responsible for ensuring an effective internal audit function for this ASX listed business. Your responsibilities will lie in planning and executing audits across the group and undertaking financial and operational risk analysis. You will also support ad-hoc projects, driving efficiencies around processes and internal controls and to improve business operations.  Profile As the successful candidate you will be CA/CPA qualified and have either worked for a financial services organisation in a similar role, or be making your first move out of Practice - Big 4 or Mid-tier, with strong consulting, risk or Audit skills. You will be self-motivated and high energy, with exceptional interpersonal skills.  You must be a confident communicator with an engaging and influencing style, and the ability to partner across the business. Benefits Attractive salary on offer depending on skills and experience - $80,000 - $90,000 per annum (plus super) + bonus. This organisation has a fantastic reputation and culture of collaboration and development is on offer. The Manager has a mentoring style and will encourage your learning in this role and industry.  Apply To find out more please call Cassie Dryburgh on +612 9262 4836 or apply at www.moirgroup.com.au. To be alerted when we advertise a new job please set up a &quot;job alert&quot; by visiting us at our website www.moirgroup.com.au 
The Client  My client are a market leading women's retailer who are looking for an experienced financial accountant to join their team, initially on a contracting basis The role As the Assisant Accountant you will maintaining and improving the businesses financial reporting processes and acting as a business partner to the business to support the delivery of company strategy. Your responsibilities will include but not be limited to:  Participate in month end procedures for all Bank accounts and Accounts Receivable to ensure all Company deadlines are met. Reconcile GL accounts including Banks and Accounts Receivables related accounts. Participate in month end procedures to ensure all Company deadlines are met including monthly balance sheet reconciliations. Maintain Accounts Receivable database including invoice generation. Undertake and complete any other ad hoc duties or projects as directed. Provide support to other Finance team members as required. Undertake all store banking reconciliations including investigation and reporting of banking discrepancies, liaising with the Retail Team and completing balance sheet reconciliations in relation thereof. The Successful candidate The successful candidate will be CA/CPA qualified / part qualified. Previous retail experience would be advantageous but not essential. Candidates must have excellent communication skills. To apply To apply please use the link below or contact Lucy Jones directly at Ljones@sharpandcarter.com.au / 0455102600 
About our client Our client is a market leading business logistics company. They are currently seeking a talented Accounts Payable Officer to join their dynamic and fast paced team.  Job Responsibilities  Reporting to the Finance Manager and working within a supportive team, you will be responsible for: Managing a high value supplier ledger Processing invoices Weekly and monthly cheque/EFT payments Statement reconciliations Supplier queries Reporting as well as; Other ad hoc duties assigned by your Manager Successful Applicant To be successful in the role, you will have: Proven, Accounts Payable experience Demonstrated excellent verbal and written communication skills Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment Excellent time management skills Ability to multi-task Solutions focused attitude What's on Offer  Immediate start  $55,000-$60,000+ Super Brilliant market leading company Supportive management team To discuss further, please contact Candace Page on 0418 630 526 or email Cpage@sharpandcarter.com.au 
This well-established ASX listed organisation require an experienced Accounts Receivable Officer to join the team ASAP. You must have high attention to detail and be confident with a high volume data entry position.  Duties: Data entry of invoices Cash receipting Bank reconciliations Journal transfers Credit card payments Collection calls &amp; emails Setting up debtor accounts Prepping of BAS Skills &amp; Experience Required: Several years AR experience including high vol data entry Large ERP experience is preferred but not essential Intermediate MS Excel skills Good communication skills High accuracy 
 Ensuring the budget and monthly reporting is maintained Your new company This leading infrastructure organisation has created an exciting opportunity for an experienced Reporting Accountant. Your new role This role will provide budgetary and predictive information and support services to the Project Managers within this organisation. Reporting to the Finance Manager you will be responsible for all financial reporting including program budgets and forecasts, carry out analysis of project information for project managers and creating and reviewing reports comparing expenditure to budget. You will also be required to assist managers with the preparation of capital and operating budgets, making sure expenditure is in line with budgeted levels and that variances are explained. What you'll need to succeed To be successful in your application you will be CA/ CPA Qualified, have experience in a previous Reporting Accounting role and have excellent stakeholder engagement skills. Strong Excel skills is also a requirement as you will be required to update budget and forecast models for the project. What you'll get in return This role will be paying $400-$440 per day, for an initial period of 6 months with a very strong opportunity of extension. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your word formatted CV, or email Domenic Ciofani at domenic.ciofani@hays.com.au 
 Global Freight Forwarder Flexible Working Hours   Job Description We are seeking a full time, experienced Credit Officer to join out National Finance team based in Derrimut.  We are looking for a proactive and innovative person who is always on top of their workload and finds new ways to improve processes.   Your tasks and responsibilities Managing your own group of customers in relation to accounts receivable Distributing all accounts, statements and reminder notices Managing and resolving invoice queries Resolving customer queries  Following up outstanding debts   Your skills and experiences  2-3 years similar experience  Excellent Microsoft skills Strong attention to detail and time management  Ability to follow set procedures  Excellent interpersonal skills  Experience in the Freight Forwarding industry is desirable   Good reasons to join Don't miss out on this opportunity to work in an excellent team with a global freight forwarder. We offer fantastic employee benefits such as flexible working hours, true career development opportunities and various employee engagement activities.   Contact Laura Neville Human Resources Coordinator laura.neville@kuehne-nagel.com   With over 67,000 employees at some 1,200 locations in over 100 countries, the Kuehne + Nagel Group is one of the world's leading logistics companies. Its strong market position lies in the seafreight, airfreight, contract logistics and overland businesses, with a clear focus on high value-added segments such as IT-based integrated logistics solutions.   Learn more &gt;&gt; kncareers.com 
Australian's are addicted to spicing up their lives with a fix of succulent flame grilled PERi PERi chicken.  Besides our legendary chicken, the one thing you'll always find at Nando's is a warm welcome that will make you feel right at home.    We are seeking a Nandoca (that's what we call our amazing staff) who have fire in their belly to ignite passion into our beautiful restaurants “ an enthusiastic, motivated and engaging team player in our Company Restaurant Accounting team.    The Role: Based in Melbourne, the Regional Accountant role reports directly to the Finance Manager, and is a business-critical role that is responsible for providing effective finance and accounting support to company restaurants in the allocated regions, as well as driving change in business performance and improving company restaurant processes.    Your key responsibilities include: Foster a finance business partnering support mindset with the Operations team Assist in the preparation of annual budget and quarterly forecasts for company restaurants Assist in various projects around expenses and cost efficiency Preparation and analysis of the utilities and occupancy accruals Drive restaurant cost efficiencies and best financial practice restaurant network Partner with Operations to produce value-add reporting for company restaurants Review costs for company restaurants Review daily sales and banking, investigate and follow up cash shortages/surplus for company restaurants. Preparation of period end accruals, journals and reconciliations Assist in developing and implementing an Inventory management solution Ad hoc projects and duties as specified by the Finance Manager    To be considered for the role, you must possess: Excellent verbal and written communication skills Strong interpersonal skills with a keen customer focus Strong Excel skills Highly numerate with the ability to explain variations to financial/non-financial stakeholders Ability to multi-task effectively and follow through to meet deadlines Experience from a Big4, Mid-Tier Chartered accounting firm, or medium to large multi-state organisation Strong attention to detail Experience with accounting systems (experience with Sage Evolution or Tableau will be highly regarded)    CA/CPA qualified or part-qualified, ideally you will have a proven track record of success in a fast-paced and high performance environment.  You will have an in-depth technical accounting understanding and will be commercially astute.  In addition to that, you will assist driving operational performance through the development of continuous process improvement initiatives and you will enjoy building positive relationships in an entrepreneurial and informal environment as this will be critical to your success.  Industry experience in food, restaurants, retail or FMCG would be highly advantageous but it is not essential.   This is an exceptional opportunity for a dynamic and high calibre junior Accountant to become part of a truly unique, fast paced business with an outstanding culture and with a genuine mandate for growth.     The Organisation Nando's is a privately owned business that was established in South Africa almost 30 years ago. Specialising in fast casual restaurants the business now operates across 24 countries and has 1,300 restaurants globally. Whilst some countries like the UK and the USA are 100% company owned Nando's Australia operates a hybrid model of company owned and franchised restaurants. Nando's Australia is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  We seek to ensure that people are employed, trained and promoted fairly, based on merit, without discrimination and harassment, which reflects the diverse nature of the Nando's family.  We support the diversity of our people through policy and practice and encourage applications from both women and men.    To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Taryn Littlejohn 0478658560 
 TAX &amp; BUSINESS SERVICES SENIOR ACCOUNTANT   Transition into autonomous management of your clients!    Plenty of direct client contacts in this firm.     Mentoring and technical challenge in this top quality boutique firm      ABOUT THE ORGANISATION   This Top 100 Chartered Accounting firm in Sydney CBD location, with a strong team culture and recognised high quality reputation in the marketplace, is seeking a talented Tax &amp; Business Services Senior Accountant as a result of growth within the business.    The firm currently supports a decent size team of friendly and talented Chartered Accountants. It has a good reputation for its lively but supportive team culture and there are sounds prospects for career progression and personal development.   ABOUT YOU It is expected that you will be part-way through or completed CA (preferred) or CPA qualification, with upwards of 4 years experience in an Australian Tax and Business Services environment within a reputable Chartered Accounting firm. Exposure to High Net Worth Individual clients, complex Family Group structure, different business entities across a variety of industries are expected. SMSF experience will be an advantage. Fantastic communication skills is a key requirement.   YOUR REWARD Exposure to interesting Advisory work. Supportive Partner with genuine desire to mentor you so you can grow and progress your career. Competitive salary and generous pay review. Rapid progression to Management position as you gain more relevant experience. WHAT'S NEXT   To apply online, please click on the link below.    If you would like to have a confidential discussion, please contact Yulius Santoso on (02) 9283 0777. 
Make sure you ONLY speak to the RECRUITMENT EXPERT to get real advice from an accountant who can leverage his long-term relationships with Partners in the best local firms to make sure you're matched exclusively to the best role. We only work with quality candidates as our clients demand the best people.  We deal with all the best firms in town to make sure you get the right fit Exclusive access to roles through long-term relationships with the Partners Deal with an Accountant from Public Practice to ensure honesty and integrity Right now we are looking for People at different levels all across the country for our top Boutique, Mid-Tier and Big 4 clients. So if you have local experience in Public Practice in Tax &amp; Business Services, Audit, Insolvency/Forensic - we will find a role in your desired location from a small country town to one of the capital cities. Great roles in Ballarat, Geelong, Bendigo, Shepparton, Echuca and all regional VIC areas.      ***WE ARE DESPERATE FOR TAX PEOPLE &amp; AUDITORS - SO IF YOU HAVE AT LEAST 2 YEARS EXPERIENCE IN AUDIT - PLEASE APPLY IMMEDIATELY*** Practice Areas Tax &amp; Business Services Audit (Internal &amp; External) Insolvency &amp; Forensic Financial Planning Legal Positions Cadets/Intermediates 1 year+ experience working in a reputable accounting firm in Australia - (2-4 years) ($50k-$65k) Seniors (3-5 years) ($65k-$80k) Supervisors (4-7 years) ($75k-$90k) Managers (5-10 years ($85k-$130k) Directors and aspiring Partners (7 yrs+) ($150k+++++) ***PLEASE ONLY APPLY IF YOU HAVE EXPERIENCE WORKING IN A REPUTABLE ACCOUNTING FIRM IN AUSTRALIA FOR TAX ROLES, FOR AUDIT THEN COMPARABLE FIRM OVERSEAS IN ENGLISH*** Ideally, you would Have experience dealing with a broad range of clients across different industries in Accounting Firms in Australia Have a recent and solid knowledge of Australian Corporate and Taxation Requirements and Issues Be CA/CPA Qualified or on the way to being qualified or qualified by experience.  Be serious about your career in Accounting and looking to progress with the right firm Commercial Acumen to do advisory work for clients and have used some of the major accounting software packages Great command of English and be able to communicate with clients and colleagues.  If you're considering a new opportunity locally because you're fed up with your current progress or salary, or perhaps looking to relocate to another city - make sure you contact the Recruitment Expert FIRST for an honest opinion.  Best to Apply through Seek right now or email me with your details for a confidential and prompt discussion on anna@recruitmentexpert.com.au 
 Reporting directly to the Finance Manager, this role performs a range of accounting and clerical duties including data entry and processing of all accounts receivable and accounts payable transactions.   The role will also contribute towards the effective financial management and reporting for the Asia Pacific region. Key responsibilities of the role include: Receive invoices, gain authorisation, validate and process Payment of invoices in accordance with deadlines Receive and allocate payments Account and Bank reconciliations Customer queries Collections of overdue accounts Aged debtor reporting and analysis Preparation of journal and general ledger reconciliations Ad-hoc support as required  Setting Up New Customers/Suppliers To be considered for this opportunity, you will possess the following: Minimum of 3 years experience in a similar position Proven experience in debt reduction Intermediate - advanced proficiency in Excel and Word Excellent communication skills Natural ability to build strong relationships with customers, staff and management Outstanding customer service with a strong focus on sustaining and growing business Drive for achieving outstanding results Willingness to adapt to the needs of the business High level of confidentiality and professionalism High attention to detail and numerical accuracy 
Australian's are addicted to spicing up their lives with a fix of succulent flame grilled PERi PERi chicken.  Besides our legendary chicken, the one thing you'll always find at Nando's is a warm welcome that will make you feel right at home.    We are seeking a Nandoca (that's what we call our amazing staff) who have fire in their belly to ignite passion into our beautiful restaurants “ an enthusiastic, motivated and engaging team player in our Company Restaurant Accounting team.    The Role: Based in Melbourne, the Regional Accountant role reports directly to the Finance Manager, and is a business-critical role that is responsible for providing effective finance and accounting support to company restaurants in the allocated regions, as well as driving change in business performance and improving company restaurant processes.    Your key responsibilities include: Foster a finance business partnering support mindset with the Operations team Assist in the preparation of annual budget and quarterly forecasts for company restaurants Assist in various projects around expenses and cost efficiency Preparation and analysis of the utilities and occupancy accruals Drive restaurant cost efficiencies and best financial practice restaurant network Partner with Operations to produce value-add reporting for company restaurants Review costs for company restaurants Review daily sales and banking, investigate and follow up cash shortages/surplus for company restaurants. Preparation of period end accruals, journals and reconciliations Assist in developing and implementing an Inventory management solution Ad hoc projects and duties as specified by the Finance Manager    To be considered for the role, you must possess: Excellent verbal and written communication skills Strong interpersonal skills with a keen customer focus Strong Excel skills Highly numerate with the ability to explain variations to financial/non-financial stakeholders Ability to multi-task effectively and follow through to meet deadlines Experience from a Big4, Mid-Tier Chartered accounting firm, or medium to large multi-state organisation Strong attention to detail Experience with accounting systems (experience with Sage Evolution or Tableau will be highly regarded)    CA/CPA qualified or part-qualified, ideally you will have a proven track record of success in a fast-paced and high performance environment.  You will have an in-depth technical accounting understanding and will be commercially astute.  In addition to that, you will assist driving operational performance through the development of continuous process improvement initiatives and you will enjoy building positive relationships in an entrepreneurial and informal environment as this will be critical to your success.  Industry experience in food, restaurants, retail or FMCG would be highly advantageous but it is not essential.   This is an exceptional opportunity for a dynamic and high calibre junior Accountant to become part of a truly unique, fast paced business with an outstanding culture and with a genuine mandate for growth.     The Organisation Nando's is a privately owned business that was established in South Africa almost 30 years ago. Specialising in fast casual restaurants the business now operates across 24 countries and has 1,300 restaurants globally. Whilst some countries like the UK and the USA are 100% company owned Nando's Australia operates a hybrid model of company owned and franchised restaurants. Nando's Australia is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  We seek to ensure that people are employed, trained and promoted fairly, based on merit, without discrimination and harassment, which reflects the diverse nature of the Nando's family.  We support the diversity of our people through policy and practice and encourage applications from both women and men.    To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Taryn Littlejohn 0478658560 
 Commercial Analyst A leading Australian business, known for their awesome culture and people, is looking for a commercial analyst to join the team at a strategic and operational level. Someone with exposure to management accounting as well as SQL and/or Power BI would be highly desireable! Responsibilities: Ensure financial data integrity Budgeting &amp; forecasting Provide data / commercial insights Develop scenario analysis and recommendations Profitability analysis Reporting Skills: Exceptional relationship builder with pursuasive communication skills Intermediate - Advanced Excel skills SQL exposure (writing scripts) Power BI CA/CPA qualified or working towards 0.5-3 years experience in a commercial role - may suit someone straight from a reputable chartered firm as well (with experience in areas such as data &amp; analytics and valuations &amp; modelling) The business is a global ASX listed entity that offers exceptional career growth opportunities, mentorship, combined with an unbeatable culture where you can bring your ideas to the table and add real value. Don't hesitate - apply now to be considered for this incredible opportunity. If you have any questions, please call Adam Taylor on 07 3258 8402 quoting reference 4B/26509. 
 SuperConcepts is a market leading provider of services to Self-Managed Super Fund (SMSF) trustees and their professional advisers, and one of the largest employers of SMSF professionals in Australia. With over 30 years SMSF industry experience, we deliver innovative and award-winning SMSF solutions to over 55000 funds in the market. SuperConcepts continues to grow rapidly and transform the SMSF industry. As the result of an internal promotion we are looking for a talented individual to play a key role in one of our SMSF Administration teams in Sydney.  The members of this team are based in Sydney and India. In the role you will be responsible for directly managing the relationship with key administration clients, and for the allocation and review of fund administration activity within the portfolio.  This is a great opportunity for someone with solid SMSF knowledge and experience, and a passion for service to take ownership of a portfolio of clients and develop your career in the industry.  To be successful in this role you will demonstrate superior technical &amp; client service skills. You will have the ability to translate your knowledge to clients and colleagues to deliver a superior SMSF Administration service.   SMSF knowledge and experience is essential for consideration. Tertiary qualifications in Accounting or Financial Services will be highly regarded however are not essential for consideration. At SuperConcepts we value and invest in our people's development, and help you to build the skills, knowledge, and expertise to enable career progression.  We walk in our customers and colleagues' shoes, we do what is right, and we have fun. If this sounds like the opportunity that you have been looking for then apply now for consideration.   
 A leading Residential Structural Steel Fabricator located in the Northern/Western Suburbs Established since 1986 is seeking an Accounts/Administration Assistant. Reporting directly to the Office &amp; Finance Manager. The potential candidate must have the following experience: Accounts Payable Accounts receivable Account Reconiliations Payroll Data Entry Customer Service Answering phones Assist in day to day administration Filing,Scanning,Emailing etc Computer Skills - Microsoft Word,Excel,Outlook MYOB Accounting Software Excelelnt Communication &amp; Written Skills.   
   About the roles    Constructive is offering you the opportunity to join our temporary workforce in Western Sydney and CBD area. If you have recent experience in Accounting or Finance working within Construction, Civil or Building now is the perfect time to get in touch. Many of our clients are seeking experienced professionals to work on contract assignments in the future. These roles may be as short as a few days and as long as 12-18 months.    We are particularly interested in speaking to candidates who have experience in any of the following roles within the construction industry:  Accountant Accounts Payable/Receivable Accounts Assistant Financial Controller CFO Payroll Finance Administrators  About You    As the successful candidate you should have but not limited to:    CPA qualifications (Accountants)  MYOB or other related software experience Experience in the same role within either the built environment, infrastructure or resources Excellent organisational skills Extremely high attention to detail Benefits    At Constructive Recruitment we offer a personal service, ensuring both candidates and clients are satisfied. We believe it is essential to find candidates who not only have the necessary skills but also fit into the business and cultural environment of the organisation. We will always aim to place our candidates in a role which will maximise their potential, improve their current skill set and suit their personality.    Apply Apply to Emma Corke using the web link listed below. Please ensure that your resume is submitted in Microsoft Word format.    IT IS IMPORTANT TO NOTE THAT THIS IS AN EXPRESSION OF INTEREST ONLY, RELEVANT CANDIDATES WILL BE CONTACTED AS AND WHEN SUITABLE OPPORTUNITIES BECOME AVAILABLE. 
 Are you looking for a high volume and fast paced payroll challenge? This role is ideal for an experienced Payroll Consultant who has experience working with Success Factors/SAP in a collaborative team environment. About the role: Our National Finance team in Western Sydney are responsible for providing financial and strategic support to our internal client teams. Our Western Sydney office is at the forefront of inspiring, designing and transforming our future growth. We aim to inspire our team by rewarding great performance and recognising individual contributions that add up to the collective success of our team within Deloitte. As part of the National Finance team, you will form part of the group which is responsible for all payroll processing, pays, compliance, and third party / vendor payments. In this key role you will be responsible for ensuring employee / vendors are paid accurately and in a timely manner. You will also: Complete end to end payroll processing for approximately 1200 employees Prepare and review variance and audit reports prior to sign off Maintain the payroll library with all relative changes Understand and be a fluent user of Success Factors, SAP and Excel in order to respond to queries and resolve problems Assist and undertake user acceptance testing, projects and business case calculations as required About you The successful candidate will have a minimum of three years Payroll experience in end to end Payroll processing, payroll reconciliations and reporting. You will also have: Experience working in a high volume Payroll environment with multiple pay cycles Payroll processing experience of 1200 employees per month Excellent data entry skills with strong attention to detail and a high level of accuracy Intermediate Excel skills and strong computer skills Exceptional written and verbal communication skills are essential About us: Deloitte Culture We pride ourselves on our team of diverse, high performing Deloitte Professionals who are talented, supportive, inclusive and social - and who are at the heart of our success. Our aim is to ensure that all our people feel comfortable to bring their whole selves to work, and as a result, create a workplace that encourages the true spirit of 'And different'. From day one at our firm you'll be considered part of the Deloitte community and our development and career progression framework will help you develop the skills and capabilities you need to succeed - in every sense of the word. Summary If you have questions regarding this role the Talent Acquisition Team is available to have a confidential discussion. Please contact Gemma Battison. 
 Mars Recruitment are currently recruiting for a Business Services Manager on behalf of a medium sized practice based close to the CBD.  Firm: This Mid-Tier tax, business advisory and audit firm currently employs roughly 30 staff and is looking to add a Manager to their team. They have a very flexible working environment and this is a very autonomous role. The firm has seen some decent growth over the last few years and foresees continued growth. This will be a prominent position within the firm. You will be primarily responsible for: Managing, review and mentoring a team with an SME fee base. Assisting clients with software. Help develop and deliver training for junior staff. Handle HR issues such as under performance by staff, hiring of new staff and staff grievances. You will also be responsible for the preparation and review of financial reports. Preparation and review of tax returns for large companies and trusts. Preparation and review of FBT returns as well as advising on small business concessions.  Requirements: CA/CPA qualified At least 7 years experience within tax and business services Held a management/supervisor position for at least a year Excellent interpersonal skills and able to manage clients comfortably  How to apply: If you are interested in applying for this position then please follow the link, or send an up to date copy of your CV to alex.mcgregor@marsrecruitment.com.au   
 The Company This small, successful organisation is at the forefront of a unique and highly specialised industry, exclusively servicing an impressive handful of aviation customers from their purpose-built facility in Keilor Park. Priding themselves on their history as a flexible, versatile business who continue to evolve in line with the needs of their customers and their agility within a technologically progressive industry, this business is seeking an experienced Credit Controller who can also assist broadly across both Accounts and Administration. The Role Reporting directly to the Chief Financial Officer, your duties will include, yet are not limited to the following: End to end, stand alone Credit control including collections and allocations Email communication with international customers Liaise with other departments closely, in particular Logistics and Repairs Accounts Payable support including data entry of invoices and End of Month overflow Ad hoc Administration and Relief Reception where required The Person In order to be successful in this technical and dynamic business you will be equally adaptable, and a confident and experienced all-rounder with a natural desire to take ownership of the Credit function within the organisation. Culturally, this business would suit an energetic individual who enjoys taking responsibility of a varied workload and working as part of a highly successful and engaged team. Previous MYOB exposure is not essential but comes highly regarded. To apply online please click on the appropriate link above and send your resume in WORD format. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion please contact Emily Chwyla on 03 9948 9499. 
 Duxton Capital (Australia) is actively looking for someone with a solid accounting and tax background to take the reins and lead a team of 14 accountants and bookkeepers whilst managing the financials across multiple entities for a 12-month maternity leave contract. Reporting to the CEO, this opportunity will give you role variety and will stimulate your career as you provide financial advice across various agricultural businesses including ASX listed companies. Ideally, we are looking for someone technically competent to complete financial accounting and reporting, cash flow analysis and oversee compliance whilst supporting the team with management and financial accounting queries as they arise. As an experienced, all rounded accountant you must be comfortable making decisions autonomously and presenting financial information both internally and at senior executive level. Although this opportunity is a maternity leave contract, if the growth of Duxton continues as expected, an ongoing position is likely. It's important to note, success will stem from a can-do attitude, attention to detail and the effort put in each day. Your responsibilities will include: Leading an accounting and transactional services team; Providing financial and taxation advice on business structures, plans and operations; Preparation/review of balance sheet, profit and loss, variance reporting and other reports as required; Preparation/review and analysis of management income and expenditure reports; Preparation/review of annual budgets and ongoing forecasts; Management of taxation compliance on an ongoing basis including external audit, BAS and PAYG; Management of cash flow requirements; Management and oversight of the external audit process; Overseeing several business payroll functions; Responsible for Board reporting including attendance at Board meetings; Establishment and ongoing management of all financial policies and procedures; Building and leading a high performing team; and Preparation of external market reporting including ASX releases. To be considered for the role, key requirements include: Tertiary qualifications in accounting, finance or similar; CA/CPA qualification; Advanced Microsoft Excel skills; Previous experience leading and motivating a finance team; Solid knowledge of accounting standards and financial principles and practices; Confidence to give advice regarding tax and accounting principles and practices; Organisational and leadership skills; A positive attitude and the resilience to work in a changing environment; Excellent knowledge of risk analysis, budgeting and forecasting; Working knowledge of various financial software e.g MYOB, XERO &amp; SAGE; Excellent communication skills; and A problem-solver with attention to detail. Who we are  Spun-out from one of the world's foremost financial institutions Deutsche Bank in 2009, the Duxton Group has established itself as a leading international and boutique asset manager with offices in Singapore, Germany and Australia. Duxton Capital (Australia) was established in 2014 and is one of the leading international players in agricultural investments and one of the very few with a global direct investment footprint and track record.  Currently managing and advising on investments across five continents including Australia, it continues to expand operations nationally and is experiencing rapid growth.  In return for 100% commitment and hard work, you will have autonomy to make your own decisions, be a part of a fun team that enjoys celebrating together with regular social events and have variety each day when supporting such a diverse group of businesses under the one company umbrella. Duxton fosters an environment that is supportive and collaborative and is committed to seeing all employees excel.   Enquiries to: Hannah Mahar, HR Manager (08) 8 130 9500. 1 page covering letter should be addressed to: Stephen Duerden, CEO, Duxton Capital (Australia)    Applications close: 25 April 2018.    
This large, expanding, diversified group is looking for an ambitious, technically astute CA or CPA to join their Corporate Finance function. This role is located in the CBD and is paying $90,000-100,000 + super.  This role will be responsible for: Monthly reconciliations Monthly consolidated results Statutory financial statements and management of audit process Tax compliance Process improvements Regulatory and compliance reporting in accordance with Australian Financial Services Licence reporting requirements Ad-hoc projects Required experience / qualifications: 3 to 5 years experience in a similar role Fully CA / CPA qualified Relevant tertiary qualifications Experience with ASX-listed clients or in ASX-listed environment Property or fund management experience preferred Big 4 or mid-tier chartered experience preferred If this sounds like you, click on &quot;Apply now!&quot; 
 The Firm Our client is a well-known accounting and consulting firm based in Sydney's CBD.  Having grown significantly over the past five years from its own merger and acquisitions, the business boasts a specialist tax advisory division.   You'll work on an impressive client list “ from multinational organisations to growth-focused entrepreneurs. The variety of projects will challenge you every day, helping you expand your capabilities and grow professionally. And with access to a national team you'll have plenty of opportunity to broaden your horizons. Discover a culture that nurtures individuality and celebrates fresh thinking. The Position We are currently looking to recruit an accomplished Tax practitioner who would play a pivotal role in the development of the Corporate Tax Team. This is a fantastic opportunity to make a significant contribution towards the overall future success of the Tax department. You would manage the complex tax affairs of a portfolio of multinational and large corporate clients, practicing the principles of excellent client service gained through years working at a senior level within previous high profile tax accounting roles. In addition you would also take an active role in identifying business development opportunities, including international network referrals and targeting larger corporates, plus preparing proposals for prospective clients, as well as networking and client care events. If you are currently looking for a new opportunity to put your experience and expertise to use within a high profile role then we'd love to hear from you. About You You will be a seasoned tax professional who is already working in a client focussed role. Looking for a new challenge and a fresh approach to your career development and progression you will have been exposed to a variety of tax responsibilities: A thinker with strong technical knowledge and the ability to ask the right questions  Excellent communication skills with the ability to build good relationships Strong planning, organisational and time management abilities Demonstrates a natural flare to develop as a business partner to our clients. An accountancy or tax qualification(CA, CTA. MA Tax) Extensive corporate tax or financial services tax experience (ideally 5+ years) Experience leading and motivating teams To Apply If you are interested in this position please click apply or email mark@hamiltonyork.com.au. If you would benefit from a confidential discussion before applying please call Mark Davis on 0405 349 462   Hamilton York is an independent Australian specialist financial recruitment practice. We are passionate about the talent we represent, partnering with Australia's most prestigious and ambitious companies.  If this position is not suitable please call us on 0405 349 462 or email info@hamiltonyork.com.au to discuss a range of other opportunities or for a general discussion and preparation for the next successful stage in your career    
 At Proactiv Payroll we provide a wide range of custom designed domestic payroll solutions for organisations both large and small. We offer a complete range of services that include payroll software developed onsite, training and management of in-house payroll departments as well as outsourced payroll delivery solutions. Our product, Definitiv, is still in development mode, with a big roadmap ahead of us. We have over 200 clients, and are growing fast. We are currently seeking an experienced Payroll Officer to join our payroll outsource team on a part time basis. Mon, Tues &amp; Wed or Mon, Tues &amp; Thurs 8.30pm “ 5.00pm. This role could potentially move into a full-time position. We have payrolls ranging weekly, fortnightly, monthly as well as ad hoc payment runs; all with varying employee numbers. If you are looking to expand your skills and knowledge, then this would be a perfect opportunity. Key Responsibilities  Accurately completing allocated payrolls Processing payrolls within a specified time frame  Data entry and cleansing as required Superannuation, Third Party Payments, Payroll Tax Lodgement, Reporting and Client queries Provide effective solutions to administrative payroll issues Skills and experience To be successful for this position, you must have: Previous experience in payroll, 3-5 years Experience working in a fast paced, high pressure environment Time management &amp; prioritisation skills to meet deadlines Excellent attention to detail Intermediate excel skills are essential Excellent communication skills An understanding of current awards and legislation Current Police Check (post 22nd February 2018) If you are a positive individual with a can do attitude and would like a challenging and rewarding career with a company who is focused on providing career development and opportunities to continually develop their skill-set then we want to hear from you! Only successful candidates will be contacted for an interview. Interviewees will be required to sit a general knowledge payroll quiz. 
 Excellent CBD location $75k - $85k + Super Multinational company With operations across the globe, this asset management company has made its mark with high level products and services. With a strong portfolio and extensive financial backing, they are continually looking for expansion opportunities. Their finance team are well established and highly qualified and they provide an engaging and supportive environment. A fantastic opportunity exists for a talented Financial Accountant to join the team. Reporting to the Finance Manager, your key duties will include: Preparation of month end accounts Balance sheet &amp; P&amp;L reconciliations Preparation of statutory accounts Tax compliance - BAS, FBT and income tax Variance analysis between forecast actuals and budgets Assist with audit process Finance improvement initiative and ad-hoc projects To be considered for this role, you will be working towards completing your CA/CPA or newly qualified with 3 “ 4 years experience; ideally with a mix of chartered (preferably Big 4 trained) or commercial (blue chip company). You will also have great organisational skills, excellent communication and a have positive mindset.  To apply for this role please email your resume to peter.do@lawsonelliott.com.au quoting reference number PD4901 or for further information please call Peter Do on (02) 8274 0208.   
 Randstad are inviting applications for an immediate contract opportunity working as a Finance Business Partner with a prominent business in the southern Suburbs. This position is the Primary Finance contact for the assigned directorate, providing financial support and advice, delivery of accurate and timely budgeting and financial results analyses. The Finance Business Partner will be a key member of the Financial Planning and Analysis Team within the Finance and Commercial Directorate and will ensure strong working relationships at all levels across the organisation. Position Duties: Lead and support the assigned directorate in the development of budgets and budget reviews Act as Finance Partner to the CFO and 2 Managers (Finance &amp; Commercial) Collate, analyse and input data for the accurate preparation of monthly management information and present financial performance to budget holders Develop and maintain ad hoc reports to support financial reporting requirements Influence decision making where appropriate to achieve financial planning objectives, directorate standards, targets and strategies Interpret financial impacts relating to changes in or new legislative, economic or service initiatives and assess their impact on the assigned directorate and provide appropriate solutions Provide expert advice to budget holders to allow effective management of their budgets and assist them in carrying out their financial accountabilities, constructively challenging where appropriate, in line with organisational goals Skills, Knowledge &amp; Experience: Corporate budgetary and financial planning concepts and applications Best practices in the management of operational and/or capital program budgets Relevant experience at a senior level, preferably within a large organisation, in budget preparation, management and reporting Financial analytical skills and an ability to undertake complex data collection and analysis. Written and oral communication skills to enable clear and concise communication with people at all levels Working knowledge of the Microsoft Office suite, in particular Excel, and corporate finance systems Candidates with relevant tertiary qualifications and demonstrated experience are encouraged to apply. This role is available for immediate start pending interview. Candidates can apply in strict confidence to Belinda Wallace at Randstad via the 'Apply for this job' button. Initial (confidential) enquiries can be made during business hours on 08 8468 8004. 
At Bristol-Myers Squibb, we're creating innovative medicines for people parents like Jenny who are fighting serious diseases. We're also nurturing our own team with inspiring work and challenging career options. No matter our role, each of us makes a contribution. And that makes all the difference. THE OPPORTUNITY A new opportunity now exists in Australia to join one the the world's leading pharmaceutical organisations. This permanent role for a Payroll Specialist supporting BMS China, will join a local team of professionals providing support in a shared service model to APAC markets.  The responsibilities of this role include: Implement processes related to payroll delivery Provide support to enquiries related to payroll Serve as a subject matter expert for time and attendance Coordinate with Outsourced Service Provider regarding all policies, programs and processes related to payroll Work with the BMS HR Service Delivery Team to ensure service provider is achieving SLA's Project work as determined by the Payroll Manager ABOUT YOU You have established yourself as a Payroll Specialist with strong analytical skills. Your qualifications, skills and experience include: Experience delivering end to end a payroll in China Strong written and verbal communication skills - Mandarin and English Excellent systems background with a working knowledge of Microsoft Office including Excel, Word, PowerPoint and state of the art desktop applications including web based systems A strong focus on detail with excellent quantitative/analytical, organizational, research and project management skills. Sound interpersonal, oral and written communication skills, with the ability to deal effectively with all levels of management and employees Ability to deal effectively across cultures and demonstrated sensitivity to cultural differences A competitive salary, excellent benefits and a culture which supports career development are on offer with this opportunity at Bristol-Myers Squibb. To apply, please follow the link below. Bristol-Myers Squibb is one of the world's BioPharma leaders, committed to delivering innovative medicines as well as nurturing a culture that's a springboard for progress. Our success depends on building teams of bold, innovative and passionate employees who will help continue to drive us further forward. Join us. www.bmsa.com.au/careers 
 Empower your ambition and shape your future by joining Crowe Horwath's 2019 Graduate Intake. Who are we? Crowe Horwath in Australasia is the largest provider of accounting, audit, tax, business and financial advice to individuals and small and medium enterprises. From a comprehensive network of over 110 offices located in regional, rural and metropolitan areas, we combine local knowledge with world-class technology to help you on your financial journey. Our vast geographical footprint and team of over 3,000 principals, professionals and support staff provides you access to expertise across the entire range of financial services, ensuring more than just financial advice. With affiliations to our global network, Crowe Horwath International is ranked amongst the top 10 global accounting networks, and is known for delivering quality accounting and advisory services in more than 130 countries. We are the relationship that you can count on - large enough to offer a range of expertise and skills - and small enough to provide the personal touch. What will you gain? A career with an exciting and entrepreneurial company, where you are encouraged and supported to grow and develop; Access to a variety of clients and innovative resources, while experiencing the advantages of a mid-tier environment focused on building relationships; The chance to be part of a friendly team where you are encouraged to be yourself; The opportunity to attend social activities and networking events; Many great benefits including support for you to undertake your professional studies. What are we looking for? We are inviting accounting graduates looking to achieve great things in a passionate, respectful, open, innovative and collaborative workplace, to join us. To be successful you will demonstrate: Strong analytical, critical thinking and organisational skills; Collaborative personality who thrives in a team, as well as independently; Consistently strong written and verbal communication skills; Keen attention to detail; and Enthusiasm and receptiveness to ongoing feedback and mentoring. Eligibility: To be considered for a position with us, you will be in your final year (or recently completed) a Business or Commerce degree, majoring in Accounting. Candidates in their second or third year of University are also encouraged to apply.  Applications are invited from Australian/NZ Citizens and Australian/NZ Permanent Residents only. How to apply? To be part of a great team, please apply with your Cover Letter, Resume and Academic Transcript. Please note: only successful candidates will be contacted. 
 3 Degrees Marketing are seeking an experienced Financial Controller to join our dynamic and creative team on a part time basis. 3 Degrees is a creative marketing agency delivering services across PR &amp; Communications, Event Management, Sponsorship &amp; Commercial Rights and Graphic Design.  3 Degrees was founded 14 years ago and has grown to service some of the most recognisable local and International brands in hospitality, automotive, FMCG, fashion and luxury goods.  The role includes the following duties  Full Debtor and Creditor ledgers, including all accounts receivable and payable processes  Reconciliation of bank accounts and corporate cards  Monthly Payroll function for over 10 staff “ including payroll tax, quarterly superannuation payment and monthly PAYG withholding  Liaising with general manager and other stakeholders to manage client invoicing  Cash flow management, budgeting and forecasting  Quarterly reconciliation for initial BAS preparation (reviewed by external accountant)  Financial reporting for additional businesses is also required, including issuance of commercial property rental statements, and quarterly reconciliations for 2 individuals, a company and a partnership  Attributes and Abilities  Excellent communication skills with suppliers, client finance contacts and all levels of agency personnel  Experience with XERO or MYOB (XERO preferred)  Proven practice of finance processes and accounting disciplines, in particular within marketing agencies  Ability to contribute to improving finance processes and deliverables  Self motivated and ability to meet deadlines  High attention to detail  Proactive positive attitude and spirit Experience  CA or CPA preferable (but not essential)  A minimum 5 years marketing agency or relevant industry experience in similar role or environment  Experience working with XERO  Hands on finance experience required 
 About the Role Leading Australian industrial business based in Villawood has a short term temporary need for an experienced Accounts Payable officer to join the team for 5 weeks.   The Responsibilities Reporting to the Finance Manager your duties will include but not limited to:  Accurate processing and data entry of up to 1000 invoices Prepare credit payments and sub-ledger accounts 3 way matching “ invoice, purchase order and stock Processing of payment runs Bank reconciliations and cash flow maintenance Experience with GL Recs is also ideal Assisting with month end duties The Successful Candidate   Previous experience in a full function Accounts Payable role is a Must High Level MS Excel as must have experience with Pivot tables, V Look Ups and formula's Excellent communication skills Be resilient to the environment Be a team player High level experience and accurate data entry  How to apply  Please note due to the expected amount of response to this role, only shortlisted candidate's will be contacted. To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. Contact: Rima Unver   
Are you a strong Accounts Payable Officer who is currently in between roles and seeking a new challenge? Keen to work within an international media and production company and start having fun at work again?    This is an exciting new 4-6 week contract assignment with an immediate start that you could jump into right now.  Become an integral member of the cohesive accounts team and assist the Finance Manager as their current AP Officer takes a well deserved break. The business prides themselves on providing the highest level of service to their customers and are seeking a focused Accounts Payable Officer who can help them get through this busy financial period.    This is a short-term temporary position with an immediate start (ideally Monday, 16th April) and will involve a variation of key responsibilities including: Daily processing of vendor invoices (medium volume), solving all PO-related issues and booking all related transactions in full accordance with internal guidelines (as well as tax regulations for both Australian and international invoices) Handling all accounts payable queries internal and external, promptly and effectively Processing documents such as purchase orders, delivery dockets, statements and registrations Preparing the payment proposal which will be reviewed daily by the Transaction Supervisor Creating EFT runs Receipting and matching of invoices &amp; purchase orders Completing all monthly vendor (statutory and group) closing tasks and related reporting Completing credit applications and reconciling creditors statements as required, following up overdue or disputed invoices Creating a variety of finance related reports for management Data entry and general office filing as required and other ad-hoc related duties You will be a proactive, passionate and driven person who has excellent attention to detail. You'll be confident to hit the ground running and ideally have had some exposure to SAP (preferred but not essential) Due to the nature of the internal and external contact in this role we do require candidates with strong English written and verbal communication skills. Intermediate to advanced MS Excel is also required.  If this sounds like you, don't wait - hit the APPLY button today. This is an immediate start and we will be moving very quickly with this role. For more information or a confidential discussion, please call Peta Hulin on 9271 0033 or Rhiannon Hardie on 9271 0066. We are looking forward to working with you! 
Your role ï‚· Assist with the setting up and preparation of annual budgets in conjunction with the operational team and Chief Financial Officer ï‚· Liaise and interact with internal and external stakeholders ï‚· Preparation of monthly accounts with accompanying comments and analysis ï‚· Verify, allocate, post and reconcile transactions ï‚· Review and recommend modifications to accounting systems and procedures ï‚· Provide input into department's goal setting process ï‚· Support month-end and year-end close process ï‚· Weekly cash flow preparation ï‚· General ledger reconciliations ï‚· Ensuring designated activities are conducted in a safe, healthy and ethical manner consistent with company policies and procedures ï‚· Actively pursuing continuous improvement in business process and the development and maintenance of safe work methods that comply with Legislation, Regulations, Codes of Practice and Company guidelines Your day to day responsibilities  Analyse the revenue and expenditure of the business ï‚· Conduct financial investigations and prepare reports ï‚· Liaise with external auditors ï‚· Prepare profit and loss statements, monthly closing and cost account reports ï‚· Lodgement of key tax compliance documents for the Cahill Transport Group including BAS Statements ï‚· Ensure compliance with taxation legislation ï‚· Assist Chief Financial Officer on specific items such as lease financing requirements and insurance ï‚· Resolve accountancy discrepancies ï‚· Analyse and investigate, annual and monthly financial accounts ï‚· Summarise current financial status by collecting information, prepare balance sheet, profit and loss statement and other reports for management ï‚· Assist with the preparation of reports, budgets, commentaries and financial statements ï‚· Liaise with Chief Financial Officer to develop and manage financial systems and policies ï‚· Obtain and maintain a thorough understanding of the financial reporting and general ledger structure ï‚· Maintain the general ledger by setting up new accounts and cost centres when required ï‚· Ensuring reconciliation of control accounts, correct allocation of expenditure to cost centres, and all balance sheet accounts Ensure an accurate and timely period close. ï‚· Ensure the timely reporting of all monthly financial information. ï‚· Assist the Chief Financial Officer in the daily banking requirements ï‚· Ensure the accurate and timely processing of transactions ï‚· Manage and maintain company credit cards, ensuring adequate funds are available, reconciliations etc ï‚· Supports budget and forecasting activities ï‚· Work with the Chief Financial Officer to ensure a clean and timely year-end audit ï‚· Assist in development and implementation of new procedures and features to enhance the workflow of thedepartment. ï‚· Support Chief Financial Officer with special projects and workflow process improvements ï‚· Preparation and management of cash flow projections ï‚· Work in-line with company values ï‚· Any other reasonable tasks provided by the Chief Financial Officer and or Directors 
 The Company This small, successful organisation is at the forefront of a unique and highly specialised industry, exclusively servicing an impressive handful of aviation customers from their purpose-built facility in Keilor Park. Priding themselves on their history as a flexible, versatile business who continue to evolve in line with the needs of their customers and their agility within a technologically progressive industry, this business is seeking an experienced Credit Controller who can also assist broadly across both Accounts and Administration. The Role Reporting directly to the Chief Financial Officer, your duties will include, yet are not limited to the following: End to end, stand alone Credit control including collections and allocations Email communication with international customers Liaise with other departments closely, in particular Logistics and Repairs Accounts Payable support including data entry of invoices and End of Month overflow Ad hoc Administration and Relief Reception where required The Person In order to be successful in this technical and dynamic business you will be equally adaptable, and a confident and experienced all-rounder with a natural desire to take ownership of the Credit function within the organisation. Culturally, this business would suit an energetic individual who enjoys taking responsibility of a varied workload and working as part of a highly successful and engaged team. Previous MYOB exposure is not essential but comes highly regarded. To apply online please click on the appropriate link above and send your resume in WORD format. Alternatively, for a confidential discussion please contact Emily Chwyla on 03 9948 9499. 
 Permanent, part-time Accounts Assistant job for a boutique construction company in the city. Your new company This is a fantastic opportunity to join one of Sydney's growing construction companies in Sydney CBD. Having been in operation for over 10 years they have created a fantastic foundations and have completed over 200 projects across multiple sectors. Having grown rapidly, they are seeking an additional member in their finance team to assist the Finance Manager in accounts and contract administration on a part time basis. Your new role Reporting into the Finance Manager, you will be responsible for business administration and accounts as follows: Setting up suppliers Entering and checking invoices Setting up and processing payment runs Managing petty cash Bank reconciliations Maintain fixed asset register Managing company inbox General office administration Contract administration What you'll need to succeed In order to be successful in this role you must be a self motivated individual with a high level of time management skills. You will have strong communication skills, able to liaise with project managers and contract administrators on a daily basis. Ideally, you will have previous accounts experience within the construction industry not limited to AP, AR and reconciliations. Previous administration will also be beneficial. What you'll get in return This is a great opportunity for an individual seeking flexible working arrangements working approximately 5 hours a day, 5 days per week or 6 hours per day over 4 days. You will be surrounded by a loyal and collaborative team in a positive working environment in beautiful offices close to public transport. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or email zoe.bakehouse@hays.com.au directly. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Our client is a world leader within transportation and logistics and is looking to add a Senior Accountant to its head office team in Botany. The role will have a dual reporting line to both the local senior leadership team and the global head office and will be responsible for driving a full review of process and procedure. The key duties include: Period end financial statement preparation Accrual accounting Monthly balance sheet reconciliation Payroll accounting on a fortnightly and monthly basis Inventory accounting Reporting on financial position of the business and underlying trends. Assisting with the preparation of year-end accounts and statutory accounts Liaison with external auditors throughout the audit process You will be degree qualified (in a relevant discipline) and preferably hold a full CPA or CA qualification. You will have a strong track record in a similar role and have a good understanding of working with multiple reporting lines and stakeholders. Furthermore, you will have a high degree of proficiency in MS Excel and exposure to Dynamics AX would be a distinct advantage. To register your interest, please send a Word Doc version of your CV by following the prompts. Sending a PDF may delay the processing of your application. For further information please call Ed Kirby on 0419 615 720 
Accounts Payable &amp; Payroll - Automotive Industry - Dealership Our client is a leading Automotive Vehicle Dealership Group looking for a strong accounts payable candidate at one of their leading sites, offering excellent facilities, a great team environment and a busy role, they are seeking an experienced Accounts payable candidate to join their team who can also take care of Payroll.  To be considered for this role you will have demonstrated experience in an accounts payable role, ideally within the automotive dealer network - Strong attention to detail, the ability to work in a high volume accounts payable role along with being a team player is essential. ERA proficient is definitely an advantage but not a necessity. Monday - Friday Ferntree Gully location  Salary dependent upon  experience will be negotiated around $50k with the successful candidate.  Please forward your resume in confidence, or call 0421 33 99 36   ALL APPLICATIONS WILL BE RESPONDED TO VIA EMAIL    ABOUT US.    Automotive Recruitment Australia is constantly seeking top industry talent for a range of roles with our automotive clients, across vehicle dealerships, aftermarket, OEM, Parts, Performance sectors, heavy commercial vehicle / truck sectors along with a range of diverse clients who provide various services to the automotive industry. Let us take care of your next automotive industry role - with confidence and confidentiality! 
 Key Objective To keep track, monitor, forecast and record expenditure in relation to capex expenditure for JCDecaux Australia. Has detailed knowledge and experience with cost control in an environment of rapid financial/ business growth.   Environment The Management Accountant is responsible for cost control “ analysing the financial information in relation to specific contracts, providing advice on risk management and providing Management with reports to assist decision-making. The role sits in the Finance team who is responsible for providing insight into cost performance and supporting implementation of improvement initiatives.   Key Accountabilities Provide pro-active, accurate financial advice to Management to support business growth as well as meeting legal requirements.   Key stakeholders/contacts This person will need to act as a bridge between the local existing accounting team, Technical operations department, as well as our French parent. It is critical that this person can speak French, have knowledge of how our Head office works and operates, as well as an understanding of the system and methodologies from both a Technical Department viewpoint as well as a French operations viewpoint.   Competencies and Qualifications Key Competencies: Must be fluent in French  Assist in formulating budgetary and accounting policies Prepare financial statements for presentation to Executive Board, Management and governing and statutory bodies Conduct financial investigations, prepare reports, undertake audits, advise on various related matters. Examine operating costs and organisation's income and expenditure Provide assurance about accuracy of information contained in financial reports and their compliance with statutory requirements. Provide financial advice on business structures, plans and operations Liaise with financial institutions and brokers to establish funds management arrangements Introduce and maintain accounting systems, and advising on selection and application of computer-based accounting systems Maintain internal control systems May also appraise cash flow and financial risk of capital investment projects.   Qualifications: A Bachelor Degree or higher, or at least 5 years of relevant experience is usually required.   Experience At least 5 years' experience in a similar role. Ability to communicate with all levels within and organisation, specifically Management, Head Office (French parent), local accounting team and Technical operations. Be able to use computers and computer systems to program, write software, set up functions, enter data, or process information. Ability to look for and understand different kinds of information. Can decide on goals and put together a detailed plan to get work completed. Be able to work autonomously, work alone and make decisions as well as part of a team.     
 Experienced Accounts Payable Officer required for Purchase to Pay role using SAP. Global FMCG Organisation Your new company Work within a leading Global Consumer Goods company as part of their finance team, located close to public transport. Your new role Working closely with marketing, production and sales, you'll be responsible for: Management of purchase order process and documentation Invoice verification and approvals Working with Cost Centre managers to ensure timely payment of invoices Ensuring inventory and materials costs are correct as per existing contracts Supplier statement reconciliations Invoice queries from suppliers and internal stakeholders Authorisation and payment of invoices Using SAP and Excel reporting What you'll need to succeed Previous FMCG or inventory based AP experience would be a real advantage, as would SAP system knowledge. What you'll get in return This is a 3 month role with opportunity to extend into 2019 and beyond. Work with a great team in one of the most profitable companies in Australia. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now. If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
This Canberra based organisation is internationally known and highly respected.  The Senior Financial Accountant - Research is an important member of the Corporate Finance and Financial Reporting team and reports to a supportive and dynamic Manager.  This position is responsible for technical accounting, stakeholder engagement, contract advice and much more, including strategic financial advice and subject matter expertise within the research accounting team and to stakeholders across the organisation. Additionally, the position provides quality assurance for the delivery of reporting that enables the organisation to comply with reporting requirements and obligations in relation to grants and funding received, as well as conducting training and implementation of financial policies and processes, ensuring that all stakeholders are educated on the reporting and compliance requirements of funding received from external bodies. It is a unique role which blends technical expertise, stakeholder engagement and strategic advice, making it ideally suited to technically advanced accountants who also enjoy building productive relationships with a wide range of internal clients.  The role is being offered for an initial term of 12 months, with a view to becoming permanent in the future.  CA/CPA (or similar) qualifications are essential (at the very least, with significant progress made towards obtaining these qualifications), given the technical nature of the role.  If there is anything else you would like to know about the position or if there is anything further that we can do to help, please feel welcome to call us at any time on the number below. Alternatively, to submit an application, please follow the prompts. Note: applicants MUST be Permanent Residents of Australia. Andrew Doyle Principal Phone: 02 6134 6554 Candidate Testimonial: &quot;I have found you to take the utmost personal care in the service to find the best fit for client and candidate. You have been very professional in dealing with your business stakeholders, a trait I found to be seriously lacking among your competitors. I am pleased to thoroughly recommend you to anyone that is seeking career or recruitment advice. Thanks very much for your help over this time.&quot; Senior Financial Accountant Government      Seek 
 Australian success story “ Acquisitive, high growth business 2IC to the CFO “ work with the best mentor Board reporting, full ASX reporting, ERP implementation and acquisition integration Our client is at the forefront of a high growth professional services sector. Having achieved a full ASX listing, the new leadership team have more than doubled the size of the business through acquisition and organic growth. They are now looking to further capitalise upon their impressive specialised capability and expertise.  Reporting to a top quality CFO, you will be the 2IC providing the perfect opportunity to be mentored by one of the best and augment the role of an ASX listed CFO. Managing a large team, the focus of the role will be continuous improvement as you look to develop best practice across all of finance and its interface with the business. With daily exposure to the senior leadership team, your role will be as commercial as it will be technical with business support and full ASX reporting the two key components along with leadership and business planning. This is arguably the best full-time role that will be available in Sydney in 2018 and as such we are looking for a candidate of the highest calibre. You will need to have:- Bachelor degree majoring in Accounting and CPA or CA At least ten years' working in commercial and chartered businesses with substantial exposure to ASX reporting and ideally some professional services exposure. Highly developed Excel skills High level of IT literacy and familiarity with BI tools Strong focus on continuous improvement and automation of financial processes You will need to be:- A strong leader with an ability to identify and improve processes within finance Able to influence non-finance stakeholders Customer focused with outstanding written and verbal communication skills Ambitious and level headed in equal measure If you are interested, please apply immediately to victoria.garvey@qconsultinggroup.com.au with a brief letter outlining your suitability for the role which is based in Sydney's CBD.   
 We're currently recruiting for an Assistant Accountant with 3+ years commercial experience to join a small finance team based in West Perth. You will be working in a close knit environment, with the majority of your work being completed independently. This position is a 2 month leave cover with a 3 week initial handover period. The successful candidate must possess solid communication as you will be required to work alongside accounts receivable, accounts payable and payroll, as well as provide ad hoc reporting to the Finance Controller. Due to the requirements of this role only candidates with Greentree system experience will be considered. Key responsibilities include: Complex bank and general ledger reconciliations Analysis and interpretation of monthly results and follow up on significant variances Preparation of monthly financial statements and management accounts Responsible for end of month input and journals Daily receipting and payment allocation Collection of overdue debtors account Assisting with budgets and forecasting and cash flow projections Assist with accounts payable, receivable and payroll Essential requirements: Training on systems &amp; processes will be provided, however we're searching for a hands on enthusiastic individual who can hit the ground running. Requirements: Accounting qualification (Studying towards CA/CPA is preferred) Experience with Greentree (Essential) Experience on Microsoft Dynamics (Desirable but not essential) Excellent attention to detail Strong communication and interpersonal skills Please apply for this position using the appropriate link below, should you wish to discuss this role in confidence please don't hesitate to contact Sean Davies on 08 9323 0248 
 Business Services Intermediate/Senior job, Chartered Accounting Firm, Sydney CBD based role Your new company This fantastic Chartered Accountant firm are seeking a Business Services Intermediate/Senior to join their young diverse team. Based in the heart of the CBD this firm offer great study and ongoing support as well as frequent reviews. Your new role As a Business Services Intermediate/Senior you should be very proficient in bookkeeping skills which includes compiling meaningful work papers, and you will be developing your knowledge of accounting and taxation knowledge which includes presenting allocated topics in training. Productivity and efficiency are important measures for this role, and you will be expected to contribute in meetings. As an intermediate/senior you must also be able to assist, coach and train cadets with their work. What you'll need to succeed To be successful in this role you must understand the items for completion of tax returns including individual, partnership, company, trust and superannuation returns. Some experience with SMSF would be favorable not not a necessity. You will ideally have a minimum 12 months experience, and up to 4/5 years. Class super is a bonus. What you'll get in return Generous package dependent on the candidate, working with a young great dynamic team. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Tara O'Regan on (02) 8062 6157 or email tara.oregan@hays.com.au If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. 
 Role: Permanent - Full Time Salary: $75,000 Package Great benefits and growth opportunity for the right candidate. The Company A Media and Communications leader, this organisation is looking for a Junior Commercial Analyst to join their team on a Permanent or Contractual basis . Reporting directly to the Commercial Manager, this is an excellent opportunity for a junior candidate to gain experience within a highly sought after business. If you are thinking on studying or have commenced your CPA qualification, here you'll find the support required. The Role Key finance contact for various departments Preparation of financial reports. Annual Budgets and quarterly forecasts Reconciliation. Preparation of FBT, Company tax returns and statutory accounts. Preparation of data for the capitalization of fixed assets. Ad Hoc requests by Management. The Candidate 2-3 years experience in a similar role. Excellent communication skills. Able to deliver results and work towards deadlines. Friendly individual, creative and has a quick for improving processes. Ideally has used Finance One or similar in the past. Strong computer literacy, Excel is fundamental. Will deliver results and celebrate as a team when targets are met! This is an opportunity for a Junior Commercial Analyst ready for their next challenge. If you feel you meet the above criteria, please click on the link provided and send your resume in a word format or for a confidential discussion, please contact Andrea Beltran at Kelly Services on 9246 6052. 
 TIC Group is a leader in the provision of retail services to major Australian retailers.  We believe that great people lay the foundations from which we can build a great business. We are currently seeking an experienced Management Accountant to join our Retail Accessories division in Altona. As the Management Accountant you will work closely with the Senior Finance Team, Operations, Management and other necessary departments/stakeholders to ensure all aspects of accounts are prepared, maintained &amp; distributed whilst supporting the business with commercial analysis and reporting. Your responsibilities will include (but not limited to); Extensive annual/monthly budgeting and forecasting Variance analysis after the end of month Management reporting Reporting findings to senior management and key business stakeholders Balance sheet reconciliations Developing recommendations/solutions stemming from complex analysis P&amp;L and Balance sheet reporting Assist in internal and external audits Timely and accurate preparation of month end accounts. Completing the monthly processes such as closure of books of accounts and reconciliation of FI and COPA Consolidation of overseas entities financials while checking the fairness and accuracy. Maintaining the General Ledger Work towards continuous process improvements to the financial and accounting processes Cross-skill to support team as required in other finance activities To be successful you will ideally have; Strong Management Accounting  and cost based accounting experience within geographically broad and complex environments (typically 5+ years experience) CA/CPA qualifications Be proactive and willing to take initiative Have strong verbal and written communication skills Have advanced Microsoft Excel modelling skills/experience.  Experience with SAP and MYOB preferred Have the ability to interact and present ideas and updates to senior management and operational team members Keenness to learn and grow If you believe you have the required skills, click on apply! 
This is a fantastic opportunity for a Billing Officer to join a one of the most dynamic, vibrant and forward-thinking environments with a leading Australian brand. They promote a collaborative, social and supportive working environment and require someone who is going to own their philosophy and add value across the business.    Reporting to the Billing Team Lead, your main responsibilities will include High volume data processing environment using Microsoft Excel and internal system Investigate abnormal trends Correct interpretation of a range of contracts and rate agreements Ensure daily payments are processed and reconciled Maintain records and database administration Assist with monthly reporting requirements Manage revenue adjustments Provide support to the banking and payments functions Maintain reconciliations and data tracking Adhoc analytical duties    To be considered for this role, we are seeking someone who meets the following criteria: Excellent skills of analysis and observation. Must be able to communicate effectively with vendors and customers regarding invoice discrepancies. Exceptional communication skills both written and verbal Demonstrated commitment to outstanding customer service Experience using Excel and ERP packages Effective time management to ensure deadlines are met. Excellent skills of analysis and observation. Experienced with billing procedures. High IT competencies    At Metropol Recruitment we make every effort to respond to all applications, however sometimes the volume we receive is so large it is not possible. If you do not receive a response from us, please don't take it personally as we really value the effort you made to apply. 
 What you will know about Bauer Media Australia is our brands - The Australian Women's Weekly, Woman's Day, OK!, Australian House &amp; Garden, Wheels, Gourmet Traveller and many, many more. What you may not know is that we are a diverse, fast moving, constantly evolving multi“platform media business with over 1500 people, all bringing their passion and creativity together in order to produce great products that inspire others. We are now seeking a talented Collections Officer to join our Finance team based in the heart of Sydney's CBD. The Collections Officer will be responsible for credit control functions as well as additional AR tasks while partnering with our key business stakeholders. The role will also heavily focus on reducing aged debt and managing customer accounts. Strategic thinking and relationship building skills coupled with an ability to influence and prioritise are key elements required to succeed in this role. Key Responsibilities: Manage the credit control and collections functions, focusing on debt reduction Reconcile debtors accounts and maintain customer data Process payment receipts, allocate payments and reconcile bank accounts as required Review and manage customer credit limits Process refunds to customers for overpayments Prepare ad hoc analysis to determine accounts receivable performance To be successful in this role: Proven experience in a collections role with responsibility for direct customer contact Systems experience - Advanced excel and financial systems such as PeopleSoft, TM1 etc. Previous experience with an outsourced Order to Cash function would be highly regarded Excellent communication, organisational and problem solving skills Exceptional interpersonal skills with the ability to engage and support key stakeholders High degree of integrity including ability to successful deal with sensitive or confidential information, A can-do attitude with the ability to evolve processes Why join Bauer? Bauer Media is Australia's leading multi-platform publisher, with investments spanning magazines, digital and live experiences. Inspiring people are at the heart of our company. You'll find great people here who will inspire you to deliver your best. Our workforce is diverse and all working together to bring to life amazing products. Joining Bauer will help you grow your career, connect with inspiring people and develop new skills in this exciting time of evolution in the media industry. The right person will join a fantastic and supportive team of highly successful people, with a great culture and endless opportunity for career progression. Follow the link to apply today!     
About the role Reporting directly to the Assistant Finance Manager and working closely with the General Manager, this role will give you the exposure to multiple areas of the finance team. You will be in a position to bring new ideas and opportunities to the attention of management at all times.  Duties  Monthly general ledger account reconciliations/assisting with month end process Financial modelling and analytical review as required Preparation and processing of adjusting journals Store by store analysis  General ledger maintenance  Management of Accounts Payable and Receivable functions Assistance with effective cash flow management Profit and loss variance analysis  Taxation compliance  Ad Hoc cost benefit analysis (as required) Other ad hoc duties to support the team Skills and experience  CPA/CA qualified or near completion  Degree - Majoring in Accounting or equivalent Knowledge of accounting standards both technical and practical  High level of organisation and communication skills  Proficient Financial Accounting software skills i.e Excel About the company  Our client is a well established retailer located in Melbourne's Inner Suburbs. They are extremely customer focused and committed to providing the best products and service to their consumers. How to apply To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below. 
 Dynamic and innovative culture Dual Payroll/Finance position Part of a high performing finance team Permanent position Established in 1993, United Petroleum is Australia's fastest-growing independent petrol and convenience company.  We offer premium quality fuels and specialise in retail and wholesale fuel markets, convenience stores, fuel importation, fuel distribution and ethanol manufacturing.  United Petroleum are 100 per cent Australian-owned and with 350+ service stations and unmanned locations nationally, we are dynamic and fast-paced with very exciting growth plans in place. The Role Reporting to the General Manager Finance, this role includes the following responsibilities: Working with our  outsourced payroll provider to ensure timely and accurate payroll reporting; Responding to incoming payroll queries that have been escalated from the outsourced payroll provider as well as checking their outputs; Work closely with HR Team to ensure employee master files are accurate and up to date; Prepare payment files for approval for fortnightly employee pays and payments to statutory bodies with supporting documentation including PAYG and superannuation; Prepare reconciliations of payroll reports to general ledger and superannuation clearing house; Process payroll journals monthly; Assist with migrating other business units payroll function to outsourced payroll provider system; Work with payroll provider to perform internal employee training on how to use Employee Self- Serve; Investigate and implement new payroll system technologies such as electronic time sheeting and on boarding; Assist with group finance reconciliations and reporting; Other Duties as required. Ideal Candidate  Ideally have 2 years Payroll experience and a finance qualification; Understanding of awards and legislative requirements is advantageous; High attention to detail and well organised; Excellent time-management skills, ability to work under pressure with tight dead- lines as well as strong communication skills.; Good knowledge of Excel, Outlook, Word and other Microsoft Office applications; Maturity to protect and not disclose sensitive information. www.unitedpetroleum.com.au United Petroleum is an Equal Opportunity Employer with a commitment to diversity.  All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. Please note, only successful candidates will be contacted.  No agencies please. 
Our client, a small friendly manufacturing business in Tullamarine has an immediate start for an experienced Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable Officer for a part time(approximately 7-10 week) temporary contract.    This role is offering flexible working hours of between 15 -20 hours per week and can include working school hours if suitable. Your main duties will include; Accounts Payable functions, processing invoices and EFT payments Accounts Receivable functions, collection of outstanding debt and revenue Reconciliation of accounts, bank reconciliations  Follow up of claims from remittance Assist with general ledger and daily sales reports Assist with Administration tasks when required  To be successful, you must have the following skills and attributes: Strong AP/AR exposure, preferably in a small business environment Excellent communication and high computer literacy in excel skills This role is paying 28.11per hour + super, and ideally to start immediately! Please apply to the link below by attaching your resume in a word document; alternatively, please call Niki on 9335 9999 for a confidential discussion. 
   Expanding Firm Bucking the Stagnant Market Trend. Clear Pathway to Senior Manager as Firm Continues to Grow. Technical Leadership / Management Focus. Salary from $90,000 to $120,000.   This firm has experienced significant and sustained growth over the past 12-24 months and have a strong pipeline of work into the future. This growth is advantageous for your personal progression as there is a clear pathway to a Senior Manager title. The Managing Partner is supportive of people who want to get their ticket and that are keen to continue developing their own personal network through marketing. Their impressive growth profile has persisted despite what has been acknowledged as a generally stagnant Insolvency market in Sydney; where many rival firms have been on the decline. At your level, you'll contribute to decisions that further assist the direction of the firm.   The role will suit a strong personality that is passionate about developing junior staff. The current team is hungry to learn and further their respective careers but lack the immediate leadership required. With a pooling system in place you will get to work with and mentor a variety of staff which will keep things interesting in what is a purely corporate insolvency role.     5 + years insolvency experience. Open to CA or CPA Insolvency Accountants     __________________________     With over 15 years experience recruiting in the Accounting Sector, I can guarantee that your application is in good hands. The market is small and confidentiality is key. Please feel free to contact me with any questions or concerns you may have or to discuss the options available in the market.   Aaron Matrljan “ Partner ALRA | Australia's Leading Recruitment Agency   M: 0405 100 650 P: 1300 002 572 E: aaron@alra.com.au L: https://www.linkedin.com/in/aaron-matrljan-3b903124/ 
Walker Andersen is currently recruiting for a Finance Manager on an initial six-month contract, with a view to extension or permanency based on the vast amount of project work that is currently being undertaken. WHAT'S THE ROLE? This is mixed BAU/project role that focuses on the following areas: financial reporting on the remediation project  partnering with cross-functional stakeholders to provide commercial insights developing financial models and business cases assisting in the delivery of core finance projects, such as the implementation of a forecasting &amp; reporting tool WHAT'S ON OFFER? Although this role is initially offered for six months, there is the scope for extension/permanency if you excel in the role, especially with the organisation's project pipeline. This organisation attracts the highest performers in the Sydney market, and encourage their employees to move into a new role every 12 - 18 months, offering broad exposure that isn't readily available in the wider market. WHAT'S MY BACKGROUND? You will be fully CA/CPA qualified, ideally with some commercial experience gained in the financial services industry, although candidates with an M&amp;A/transaction advisory background are strongly encouraged to apply. A keen eye for detail and proactive approach to your work is also essential. WHAT'S NEXT? Please apply below for immediate consideration. Alternatively, contact Charlotte on cstone@walkerandersen.com for further information. We look forward to working with you. 
 We are a leading Hospitality Management Company seeking the services of a Full time Junior Accounts Assistant. We offer a friendly work environment with the opportunity to advance your career into the field of book keeping. You will be responsible for the following duties: Data entry of accounts payable invoices into MYOB Payment of Creditors Banking and mail collection. Answering telephones Ad hoc filing, scanning and all round office admin as required Writing emails and assisting the management team when required. Assisting the other book keepers when necessary. High attention to detail and exceptional organization skills will all assist the successful applicant in excelling in this role. This position would be suited to someone who has recently completed High School and has started or is looking into studying accounting through Tafe or other institution. A genuine interest in accounting is a must. Full training will be provided and an excellent work environment guaranteed. Please attach a resume and cover letter to your application.   Due to the large number of applications received I am unable to get back to all applicants. I will contact those that have been successful in securing an interview. 
The Organisation Our client, located in Burwood, is a market leader with over 30 years experience in their industry. Additionally, our client encourages a healthy work life balance for their employees, and provides other outstanding employee benefits to their staff. Due to an internal secondment, a payroll position has arisen for an excellent Payroll Officer to join their business.     Position Description  Reporting directly into the National Payroll Manager, your duties will include: Payroll processing including pay adjustments, leave forms Prepare and reconcile fortnightly payroll Processing of annual, long service and personal leave Processing new starters, terminations and payroll adjustments Proving accurate information in response to employee queries Preparation of end of month payroll reporting Other duties as requested from the Payroll Manager Candidate Profile The successful applicant will have proven experience in a similar Payroll Officer role as well as the following attributes: Ability to hit the ground running Strong attention to detail Intermediate to advanced excel skills Excellent time management skills The right attitude to feedback and further career development What's on Offer Outstanding market leading business Parking on site Experienced and supportive management team To discuss further, please contact Candace Page on 0418 630 526 or via email on Cpage@sharpandcarter.com.au 
 This position is part-time 3 days per week.  Your responsibilities will include but not be limited to the following;     Creating and updating supplier accounts;     Coding and processing supplier invoices;     Seeking approvals on supplier invoices as per authority matrix;     Liaising with suppliers for credit requests;     Processing weekly and monthly payment runs (EFT, Bpay &amp; Cheques);     Coding and processing staff reimbursements and petty cash;     Processing and reconciling credit card statement;     Calculating month-end accruals;     Assisting with various AR function on ad-hoc basis;     Maintaining and recording information for sustainability reporting;     Various month-end AP reports (E-way, BP fuel, property allocation);     Other ad-hoc tasks as requested by Manager.   The successful candidate for this role will have previous accounting experience and possess the following qualities;     Great team player     Ability to multi task and meet deadlines     Attention to detail     Strong data entry skills and attention to detail     Excellent written and verbal communication skills   If this sounds like you and you are interested please click on Apply.   No Agencies 
 About the Business: My client is an ASX top 50 resources business with a strong footprint both locally and internationally. Known for their excellent working culture, flexible work environment and professional development programs, they are an employer of choice in the Australan market. Based on-site, this role is located near Orange NSW. Suitable candidates must be open to relocation.  About the Role: My client is currently seeking a Senior Business Analyst with a focus on driving on-site business deliverables.  Specific responsibilities to include: Complete month-end reporting Perform monthly cost accounting Undertake capital management and performance reporting Prepare monthly cost and capital data  Prepare and review annual operating and capital budgets, in addition to forecast data Streamline data management process and systems Provide analysis to support commercial decision making  About You: CA/CPA qualified Experience within resources or heavy industry preferred Previous experience in a capital intensive background Experience with SAP, TM1 and capital accounting experience is highly regarded Strong communication skills and influencing skills  Ability to work in a fast-paced environment Able to work on-site based in Orange NSW Please follow the links to Apply for this role. For further information, please contact Tayler Bridger via the contact details listed below. 
At Bristol-Myers Squibb, we're creating innovative medicines for people parents like Jenny who are fighting serious diseases. We're also nurturing our own team with inspiring work and challenging career options. No matter our role, each of us makes a contribution. And that makes all the difference. THE OPPORTUNITY A new opportunity now exists in Australia to join one the the world's leading pharmaceutical organisations. This permanent role for a Payroll Specialist supporting BMS China, will join a local team of professionals providing support in a shared service model to APAC markets.  The responsibilities of this role include: Implement processes related to payroll delivery Provide support to enquiries related to payroll Serve as a subject matter expert for time and attendance Coordinate with Outsourced Service Provider regarding all policies, programs and processes related to payroll Work with the BMS HR Service Delivery Team to ensure service provider is achieving SLA's Project work as determined by the Payroll Manager ABOUT YOU You have established yourself as a Payroll Specialist with strong analytical skills. Your qualifications, skills and experience include: Experience delivering end to end a payroll in China Strong written and verbal communication skills - Mandarin and English Excellent systems background with a working knowledge of Microsoft Office including Excel, Word, PowerPoint and state of the art desktop applications including web based systems A strong focus on detail with excellent quantitative/analytical, organizational, research and project management skills. Sound interpersonal, oral and written communication skills, with the ability to deal effectively with all levels of management and employees Ability to deal effectively across cultures and demonstrated sensitivity to cultural differences A competitive salary, excellent benefits and a culture which supports career development are on offer with this opportunity at Bristol-Myers Squibb. To apply, please follow the link below. Bristol-Myers Squibb is one of the world's BioPharma leaders, committed to delivering innovative medicines as well as nurturing a culture that's a springboard for progress. Our success depends on building teams of bold, innovative and passionate employees who will help continue to drive us further forward. Join us. www.bmsa.com.au/careers 
The Company Based on the fringe of the CBD our client is a well established, highly regarded and strong performing retail group. Market leaders in a number of market segments, they continue to grow both organically and through acquisition. They place strong emphasis on the development of their staff and maintaining a positive and sustainable business culture. The Role Reporting directly to a Senior Financial Accountant and working closely with the Financial Controller, this is an exciting opportunity to transfer your skills developed whilst working in a business services role and apply them in an industry based position. You will also substantially develop both your Financial and Management Accounting skills: Assist with the budgeting ad forecasting process. Assist with the Preparation of monthly cash flow forecasts. Prepare and review of balance sheet and GL reconciliations Preparation and submission of FBT, BAS and Income Tax return Monthly GST returns. Group consolidations. Identifying areas for process improvement.  The  Successful candidate With a relevant business degree, you will ideally be CA / CPA qualified. You will have 3 - 4 years experience working in a Business Services role within either a Big 4 or mid-tier firm. You will be excited by the prospect of further developing your skills and will have a long-term career focus. You will have strong written and verbal communication skills and will be capable of building strong working relationships with a variety of stakeholders across the business. Strong Excel and systems skills will give you the best possible chance of success in this role. Please apply as soon as possible or visit www.pattisonandwalker.com.au 
ABOUT THE COMPANY AND ROLE Our client is one of Australia's leading community-based healthcare providers who specialise in the provision of in home and in clinic care solutions with a focus on quality and lowered costs. Reporting through to the Chief Financial Officer, they are looking for an experienced Corporate Accountant to manage and supervise the audit process as well as prepare the financial reporting.    DUTIES Prepare the general purpose financial reports; Assist with the month end process for the corporate office; Manage the statutory audit process and liaise with external audit team; Lead the transactional accounting, provide guidance to the AP/AR finance teams; Prepare and maintain accounting policies for the group; and Prepare the ASX reporting and assist with IFRS application. SKILLS &amp; EXPERTISE CA or CPA qualified; Experience in audit, preferably from one of the Big 4; Commercial experience is desirable;  Deep understanding of ASX reporting requirements; Ability to work autonomously and collaboratively within a team; and Strong attention to detail with elite verbal and written communication skills. BENEFITS Professional development and mentoring opportunities Career development CBD Fringe location HOW TO APPLY Click the APPLY button and include your resume. Please be advised our screening process will take approximately 3 to 5 business days from the date this ad was posted. From here, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. 
